PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) --  Tim Duncan  and  Manu Ginobili  kept the San
Antonio Spurs' road winning streak very much intact. Duncan scored 13 of his 25 points in the third quarter and
Ginobili had 18 of his 25 in the fourth as the Spurs rallied to
beat the  Portland Trail Blazers  107-98 Monday night, extending
their perfect road start to 6-0. Zach Randolph  had 23 points, 19 in the first half, but Portland
lost a 10-point, second-half lead.  Juan Dixon  added 17 points. Tony Parker  scored 14 for the Spurs, who fought through a
sluggish first half while playing for the second straight night. "We are really playing better on the road than at home,"
Ginobili said. "We have a better mentality. We grind games out for
48 minutes." That's exactly what happened Monday. Duncan took over in the
third, scoring on a variety of post moves as the Spurs ran their
offense through him. The fourth quarter belonged to Ginobili, who was 6-for-6 from
the field in the quarter with two steals, a block and an assist. He
nearly turned back the Blazers alone with standout play on both
ends of the floor. After converting a three-point play, Ginobili stole the ball and
fed  Brent Barry  for a layup that made it 98-92. Ginobili then
scored on four of the next five possessions for the Spurs. He came
into the game shooting 29 percent on 3-pointers, but made all 3 in
the final quarter. "I needed a game like this," Ginobili said. "I don't know if
it's going to be a turnaround for the whole season, but it's good
for my confidence." Defensive specialist  Bruce Bowen  held Randolph to just two
points in the fourth. With Randolph silenced, much of the Blazers
offensive output came from Dixon, who had 12 points in the quarter. Jarrett Jack  had 12 points and five assists for Portland. Barry
had 10 points for the Spurs, who also won their final five road
games last season. Duncan, coming off a 35-point performance against Sacramento on
Sunday night, shot 10-of-16 from the field and had six rebounds and
five assists. "He is hard to defend," Portland rookie  LaMarcus Aldridge 
said. "He leans on you and when the double-team comes he kicks it
out and they get it right back to him. He never stops moving." A two-time NBA MVP, Duncan struggled against the Blazers last
season, even as the Spurs won all four games. He averaged just 15
points on 45.1 percent shooting, including a season-low six points
on 3-of-7 shooting in one game. The Spurs have won six straight over the Blazers, and 13 of 14.
They have also won seven of their last eight visits to the Rose
Garden. Randolph had 13 points in the first quarter and the Blazers led
25-22.  Beno Udrih  hit a 14-footer to give the Spurs their first
lead at 35-33, but Portland quickly grabbed back the lead and had a
56-48 advantage at halftime. Duncan converted a three-point play to
get the Spurs within 63-60, but the Blazers went on a 7-0 run and
led 70-60. Duncan then took over, sparking a 14-2 run that gave the Spurs
the lead again at 74-72. "When we have a team down we have to stay on them," Jack
said. Game notes The Blazers haven't won a series against San Antonio since
1999-00. ... The Spurs' Barry wore a large bandage on his head, the
result of a collision with Sacramento's  Ronnie Price  on Sunday that
left Barry needing several stitches. ... The Spurs' win gave them
the lead over Portland in the series for the first time since the
1982-83 season. 