LOS ANGELES (AP) -- The Lakers leaned on  Kobe Bryant  and their
reserves, something Los Angeles may have to do for several weeks
after losing starting center  Kwame Brown  to a sprained ankle. Bryant finished with 35 points, eight rebounds and six assists,
and Los Angeles reserves  Sasha Vujacic ,  Vladimir Radmanovic  and
 Maurice Evans  made some clutch 3-pointers down the stretch to beat
the  Philadelphia 76ers  104-94 on Sunday night. "Ankle injuries are just the worst," said Bryant, who speaks
from experience. "They take the longest to heal -- and when they
do, it takes a couple of weeks just to get your ankle underneath
you again and cut the way you would normally cut. "We have to see how Kwame feels before we know how serious it
is. The first night of an ankle injury is always the most important
because you really have to stay on top of it. I was just talking to
him a little bit about some of the things I try to do to get the
ankle healthy as quickly as possible. He'll just have to stay the
course." The Lakers were leading 56-48 early in the third quarter when
Brown was helped to the dressing room. He blocked a layup by point
guard  Andre Miller , but turned his ankle landing on Miller's foot
and was writhing in pain as the officials allowed play to continue
for another 27 seconds before blowing a whistle. X-rays were
inconclusive, and Brown will have further tests Monday. A No. 1 pick in the 2001 NBA draft by the  Washington Wizards ,
Brown is in his second season with the Lakers. He missed the first
seven games of the current season because of a bruised rotator cuff
and bursitis in his right shoulder. The team already was severely
short-handed, with center  Chris Mihm  out for the season following
ankle surgery and  Lamar Odom  sidelined indefinitely by a sprained
knee. "Obviously, we're going to be missing a huge punch inside, so
guys will have to step up and meet that challenge and plug in that
void," Bryant said. "Defensively is where Kwame really gives us a
big charge, because he's so versatile and quick and can cover a lot
of small players." Reserve forward  Kyle Korver  had a season-high 29 points and
grabbed eight rebounds for the 76ers, who have lost 19 of their
last 23 games and 14 of 16 on the road.  Andre Iguodala  had 19
points, eight rebounds and six assists, while Miller added 13
points and eight assists in his fifth game since joining
Philadelphia in the trade that sent four-time scoring champ Allen
Iverson to Denver. Chris Webber  missed his second straight game and sixth in the
last nine because of a bruised right foot. The 76ers are 1-11 this
season without him in the lineup. Vujacic's two 3-pointers a minute apart helped the Lakers build
a 98-79 cushion with 6:22 left. Philadelphia cut it to 101-90 on
 Bobby Jones ' layup on a goaltending call against Evans. But Evans
hit at clutch 3-pointer at the other end to help quell the rally. Coming off a triple-overtime loss at Charlotte, the Lakers led
the Sixers 46-38 at halftime despite a particularly ugly stretch of
the second quarter in which they went 5:33 between field goals and
missed 10 consecutive shots. The 76ers, who started out shooting 9-for-28 from the field,
turned an eight-point deficit into a 34-33 lead as Miller's layup
capped a 9-0 run with 2:54 left in the half. But Los Angeles
responded with an 11-2 surge capped by Bryant's layup and
3-pointer, and the Lakers never trailed again. "That's when great players come into effect -- when their team
needs them," Iguodala said. "He made some tough shots and got it
going. From there, the team followed his lead and they got the
win." The 76ers played on New Year's Eve for the fifth straight
season. But it was the first time for the Lakers since Dec. 31,
1968. They have played on this date only four times since moving
from Minneapolis to Los Angeles, and all four games were at home
(3-1). This was the last night the NBA's new microfiber composite
basketball was in use. The Lakers were 20-11 with it and the Sixers
were 8-22. The composite balls will continue to be used in the
Development League so that the NBA can continue to evaluate and
fine-tune them, according to Rudy Garciduenas, the Lakers'
equipment manager. "I'm really looking forward to getting the original ball
back," Bryant said. "It's 10 times better because of the feel of
it. Where it affected games is on the turnovers because you have
the ball slipping through of guys' hands." Game notes The Lakers are the only team that hasn't played a game
decided by three points or less. ... Phil Jackson is three
victories away from becoming the ninth NBA coach with 900 or more
regular-season wins. ... In the previous meeting, Bryant returned
from a two-game suspension and had his best game ever against
Philadelphia -- scoring 48 points and making all seven shots from
3-point range. 