MIAMI (AP) -- The only answer the  Miami Heat  care about is
 Dwyane Wade . Hours after coach Pat Riley announced earlier in the day that
the Heat were no longer in the running for Sixers guard Allen
Iverson, Wade came up big at the buzzer. Playing his second game after missing two contests last week
following oral surgery, Wade hit a fadeaway shot with 1.3 seconds
left, capping a furious rally to lift the Miami Heat to a 101-99
win against the New Orleans Hornets on Monday night. Wade scored 29 points including 13 in the fourth quarter as
Miami rallied from a double-digit deficit. The Hornets scored only two points in the final six minutes,
missing eight consecutive shots from the floor during one stretch.
 Chris Paul 's driving layup tied the game for the Hornets at 99-all
with 18 seconds to go. "It all came at the right time," Wade said. "We needed this
win and I needed that shot." Down the stretch, the Heat had their go-to player in Wade, who
made was 6-of-10 from the floor in the fourth quarter. "We have to concentrate on our team," Wade said. "We hear a
lot of things circling around. Other players' names get thrown in
from our team and they get worried and a little sidetracked. Now we
don't have to worry about that." The Heat did what they always do in a tight game. They put the
ball in Wade's hand. Paul's basket ended the Hornets' drought, but
there was plenty of time for Wade to work his magic. Wade, having missed a few buzzer shots this season, dribbled the
clock down and banked in a fadeaway shot over  Linton Johnson  from
18 feet for the winner. "When I spun back, I saw a had the bank shot. If I didn't, I
knew I had [ Jason Williams ] in the corner." Jannero Pargo 's heave from 30 feet away missed the rim as the
buzzer sounded. The Hornets, who defeated the Heat 101-86 in Oklahoma City on
Nov. 21, appeared headed to another easy win.  Rasual Butler 's
3-pointer gave the Hornets a 97-88 lead with 6:02 left in the
fourth quarter, but the Heat came roaring back behind Wade, who was
coming off a season-high 41-point outing against Memphis. Wade converted a 3-point play with 4:44 left, and his scoop
inside the lane tied the game at 97-all with 1:39 to go. Alonzo Mourning  and  James Posey  each added foul shots to give
Miami a 99-97 lead before Paul broke the Hornets' drought with his
drive. Wade added nine rebounds, five assists and had four steals. Udonis Haslem  scored 16 points for Miami and Posey and Jason
Williams each added 15. Paul led the Hornets with 26 points, and
Butler added 21. Following Butler's 3-pointer, the Hornets didn't score until
Paul's basket with 18 seconds left. New Orleans turned the ball
over on consecutive possessions with shot-clock violations. "We were not as aggressive in the first half as we were in the
second half," Hornets coach Byron Scott said. "We choked. We got
scared. We were hiding. It showed. We can't have Chris break guys
down every single time. It's very disheartening to lose the game
like that. Toward the end, we just choked." For the Heat, the fourth quarter was about making stops and
limiting the Hornets' looks at the basket. It was a much better
effort than the first three quarters, when New Orleans kept getting
open looks and broke out to a double-digit lead. "Those were some crucial stops for us in the fourth quarter,"
Posey said. "Once we started coming back, we were more alert and
one step ahead of them." Game Notes The Hornets are 2-9 in their last 11 games. ...The Hornets
have as many wins on the road (five) as they do at home. ... Posey
was 4-of-6 from beyond the arc. 