MINNEAPOLIS (AP) --  Kevin Garnett  knows who opponents have to
stop when they play the  Milwaukee Bucks  -- and it isn't Michael
Redd. " Mo Williams  is having a hellified year," said Garnett, who
had to make up a word to describe Williams' emergence in his fourth
season. "When they've won, and won big, he's been the difference.
... He's by far the reason why they've been able to have success." Elias Says  Michael Redd, Mo Williams and Charlie Bell each scored at least 25 points in the Bucks' 113-107 win over the Timberwolves. Over the past 10 years, the only other Bucks trio to each score at least 25 points in a non-overtime game was Ray Allen, Sam Cassell and Glenn Robinson, who did it twice in 2000 (Feb. 15 and Dec. 12). 
   For more Elias Says,  Click here Williams followed up his first career triple-double in style,
scoring 16 of his 26 points in the fourth quarter to lift the Bucks
to a 113-107 victory over the  Minnesota Timberwolves  on Friday
night. Williams, who had 19 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists in a
victory over Miami on Wednesday night, scored six straight points
for the Bucks in the final 2 minutes, and Redd sealed the victory
with a jumper with 11.4 seconds to play. "I feel comfortable in the last part of the game," said
Williams, who has scored 75 points in his last three games. "I
have been successful in those situations. I don't feel too much
pressure. I feel good and I am taking good shots." Redd scored 29 points on 11-of-25 shooting and  Charlie Bell  was
one point off his career high with 28 points for the Bucks, who
have won three in a row for the first time this season. "Yeah, we definitely have a little rhythm going," Bell said.
"Everyone is shooting the ball really well right now. Mo has got
it going. Mike has had it going all season long. We are going out
and playing hard." Garnett had 24 points and 14 rebounds and  Mike James  scored 28
for the reeling Timberwolves, who have lost four in a row. Tempers flared with 5  minutes to play.  Andrew Bogut  pushed
Wolves guard  Ricky Davis  under the basket, drawing a technical
foul. Garnett came to Davis' aid and pushed Bogut after briefly
jawing at him. Garnett and Davis also received technical fouls on
the exchange, with officials being extra vigilant in the wake of
the brawl between the Nuggets and Knicks last week. Redd made the technical free throw to give the Bucks a 97-96
lead, and the Timberwolves never regained the lead. Timberwolves coach Dwane Casey was criticized for leaving
Garnett on the bench too long on Wednesday night against the
Lakers, when the Wolves' second unit let a 12-point fourth-quarter
lead slip away in a 111-94 loss. Casey didn't make the same mistake on Friday night, playing
Garnett all 24 minutes of the second half. Perhaps a little tired, Garnett missed a chance to tie it with
2:42 left when he only made one of two free throws. Williams immediately followed with a jumper to start his scoring
spurt, with his last points giving Milwaukee a 110-105 lead with 43
seconds to play. It was another rough defensive game for Minnesota, which started
the year as one of the top defensive teams in the league, but have
slipped in the last two weeks. "At the end of the day, our bread and butter is our 'D,"
Garnett said. "And we have to get back to that." Bell started in place of forward  Ruben Patterson , who did not
make the trip to the Twin Cities because of a stomach virus. He scored 17 points in the second quarter on 7-of-9 shooting. "The rim got big on me and I just started throwing them up
there," Bell said. Minnesota's losing streak, especially Wednesday night's
devastating loss to the Lakers, have started whispers around town
about Casey's job security. In an eyebrow-raising scene before the game, Wolves owner Glen
Taylor sat in on Casey's pregame interview session with the media,
listening intently as Casey broke down the collapse against the
Lakers and what needed to be done to turn things around. Taylor interjected a few times, saying that he remained
supportive of Casey despite his frustration with the team's record
(10-13). "It doesn't bother me," Casey said of the criticism. "I don't
even hear that stuff. I'm more worried about our first-half defense
than some hecklers." Game notes Patterson is listed as day to day and the Bucks are hopeful
he will be ready to play on Saturday night against New Jersey. ...
Davis finished with 23 points. 