MILWAUKEE (AP) -- The  Washington Wizards  were on a terrific scoring spree. The  Milwaukee Bucks  showed that they can score plenty of points, too. Michael Redd  scored 28 points and  Ruben Patterson  added 21 as Milwaukee beat Washington 119-102 Saturday night to snap the Wizards' five-game winning streak. "We've gotten on a groove offensively," Milwaukee coach Terry Stotts said. The loss dropped Washington into a first-place tie with Orlando in the Southeast Division. Milwaukee pulled away with a 22-5 run to open the fourth quarter and won for the seventh time in eight games. The Bucks made 13 of their first 17 shots in the fourth. "They were getting easy baskets while we were finding what kind of defense we were going to be in," said  Caron Butler , who led the Wizards with 29 points. "They were getting fast breaks, hitting 3s. From there, they busted the game open." Gilbert Arenas , averaging 30.7 points, was held to 19 on 7-of-21 shooting. After the game, Arenas had his right shoulder on ice due to a collision with Patterson early in the game. "It hurts pretty bad right now," Arenas said. "I don't know if it really affected my shot." The Bucks' strategy was to play zone and shade toward Arenas. It worked, as the Wizards star did not score until midway through the second quarter. "If he has the ball, you should see two, three guys around him," Stotts said. "Hopefully, we crowded his shots." In a game matching the two highest-scoring teams in the East, Washington scored at least 100 points for the 14th consecutive time. Milwaukee has averaged 113.8 in its last eight games. Patterson scored 10 points in the final quarter, helped by a smaller-than-usual Washington defense that was missing starting center  Brendan Haywood  because of a sprained right ankle. "It worked to my advantage," Patterson said. The reserve forward converted two three-point plays and scored on two other inside shots in the fourth quarter. "He's not known to be an offensive threat like that," Arenas said. "He was on. He did a heck of a job in the post. We couldn't find the answer for it." Charlie Bell  scored 19 points and  Mo Williams  added 16 points and nine assists for Milwaukee. Redd and Bell hit consecutive 3-pointers to open the fourth quarter, giving Milwaukee the lead for good. Redd had nine points and Bell added six in the decisive run, and the Bucks outscored the Wizards 37-17 in the fourth. Washington made only five of its first 15 shots in the fourth quarter, and Arenas missed three of his four fourth-quarter shots. "We did a great job of really just causing havoc with the zone," Redd said. "Washington is a very explosive team. You're not going to stop them, but you just want to contain them the best you can. We did a good job." Arenas hit a 34-foot 3-pointer at the buzzer to give Washington an 85-82 lead after three quarters. Milwaukee had opened a 72-63 lead on Bell's 3-pointer with 6:32 left, capping a 13-2 run, but Washington then went on a 13-4 run to tie it at 76 on  Antawn Jamison 's two free throws. Washington led 51-48 at halftime despite Arenas not scoring until 6:06 was left in the second quarter. Game notes   Jarvis Hayes  got his first start of the season in Haywood's place, giving the team a smaller lineup. ... There was a moment of silence before the game in honor of former President Gerald Ford, whose funeral services took place Saturday night at the Capitol. ... Butler, a native of Racine, Wis., had 40 friends and family members attending the game. ... Washington came into the game averaging 107.9 points while giving up 106.2, while Milwaukee averaged 103.1 points, giving up 103.8. ... The Bucks have won seven consecutive home games. 