LOS ANGELES (AP) -- When the  Los Angeles Clippers  are moving the
ball, they're a very difficult team to shut down. Reserve  Corey Maggette  led Los Angeles with 23 points and 12
rebounds Saturday night in a 114-108 victory over the  Phoenix Suns ,
and his teammates pitched in with a variety of contributions. Sam Cassell  also had 23 points,  Cuttino Mobley  had 18, and Elton
Brand had 15 points and 10 rebounds.  Tim Thomas  had eight points
and 13 rebounds against his former Phoenix teammates, and Shaun
Livingston came off the bench to score 14 points and dish off nine
assists. "When we move the ball and get eight, nine, 10 or 11 touches,
who can you stop?" Mobley said. "You have an  Elton Brand , Tim
Thomas, Cuttino Mobley, Corey Maggette,  Shaun Livingston , Sam
Cassell. You have all those guys." Los Angeles coach  Mike Dunleavy  was pleased. "I thought this was a really good character win for us,"
Dunleavy said. "We did a lot of good things." Steve Nash  led the Suns with 28 points and 13 assists, and Shawn
Marion had 25 points and 15 rebounds. The Clippers, who lost the season opener at Phoenix on Wednesday
night, improved to 2-1 and the defending Pacific Division champion
Suns fell to 1-3. "Everybody is frustrated, but we do have plenty of time to work
on it," Phoenix coach Mike D'Antoni said. "And we will do that." The Suns'  Kurt Thomas , who had 15 points and 12 rebounds, said
Phoenix will improve as  Amare Stoudemire  comes along. "We're still trying to work the big fella back into our game,"
Thomas said. "It's going to take a little time, but once he gets
back in, he will give us that inside presence that we are missing
right now." Stoudemire, working his way back from knee surgeries, played
just 11 minutes and scored two points. The Suns defeated the Clippers 112-107 in the season opener. "They beat us over there, and we couldn't lose this game
tonight," Brand said of the rematch. Down by two heading into the fourth quarter, the Clippers opened
a 107-97 lead on  Chris Kaman 's free throw with 3:19 remaining and
were in front by at least five the rest of the way. After the Suns fell behind 58-43 early in the third quarter,
Nash led a comeback with 13 points in the period. Reserve  Leandro Barbosa  added 10 points for the Suns in the
third, and Nash's driving layup with 2 seconds remaining in the
period gave Phoenix an 82-80 lead. Barbosa finished with 13 points. Maggette scored 16 points in the second quarter to spark the
Clippers to a 56-43 halftime lead. Game notes G-F  Jalen Rose , who signed a one-year, $1.5 million
contract with the Suns on Friday, was in street clothes and sat
behind the bench during the game. He is scheduled to undergo a
physical Sunday in Phoenix and play at San Antonio on Wednesday. He
received a $14.5 buyout from the  New York Knicks . ... Tim Thomas
averaged 14.7 points and 6.1 rebounds for the Suns when they
eliminated the Clippers in their seven-game Western Conference
semifinal last summer. He went 2-for-8 for nine points and had
eight rebounds in the Clippers' season-opening loss at Phoenix on
Wednesday. 