ATLANTA (AP) -- This time, no one could accuse  LeBron James  of leaving the court too early. Dominating the fourth quarter, James scored 31 points and the  Cleveland Cavaliers  pulled away from the  Atlanta Hawks  for a 106-95 victory Friday night. 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 James LeBron James had three "old-fashioned" three-point plays in the fourth quarter -- that is, a two-point basket followed by a converted free throw -- helping Cleveland win at Atlanta 106-95. It was the third time in LeBron's NBA career that he made three three-point plays of that type in one quarter, the highest total for any player in the league during the "King James" era.  
 For more Elias Says,  Click here .
 
 
 
 
James scored 13 points in the final period, including a trio of three-point plays. He also wowed the crowd with a couple of high-flying blocks on back-to-back possessions to ruin any hope of a comeback by the home team. "The fourth quarter is the best quarter to me," James said. "It's when you've got to execute. It's when I need to put my cape on and try to help our team win basketball games. And if I'm going to be the leader of the team, then that's the quarter I need to be my best." The Hawks won at Cleveland in the teams' first meeting of the season, outlasting the Cavaliers 104-95 in overtime. James was criticized after the game for walking toward the locker room in the final seconds while Atlanta dribbled out the clock. "These guys came into our building and beat us, so we kind of had a little bit of revenge back to them," James said. "We came out tonight with a focus, to try to get a win on the road, and we did that." When the buzzer sounded on this one, James was right in the middle of things, shaking hands with  Joe Johnson  and the rest of the Hawks before heading to the locker room. The Cleveland star also had eight assists, seven rebounds and three steals. "I did a great job of being in attack mode, feeling my comfort zone," James said. "I hit a couple pull-ups and then everybody else got off." Johnson scored 31 points to lead Atlanta, which fell behind by 10 points before the game was 3 minutes old and never led. The Hawks, who trailed by as many as 15 points, rallied for a 79-all tie heading to the fourth quarter before a sellout crowd. That's where James took control, starting the period with a drive to the basket that drew a foul by  Lorenzen Wright . The shot went in and James added a free throw, putting the Cavaliers ahead to stay on the way to just their second win in five games. Cleveland bolted ahead 12-2 on  Eric Snow 's fast-break layup off a pass from James, forcing the Hawks to play catchup the rest of the way. They finally pulled even for the first time since the opening tip when Johnson hit a pair of free throws with 27 seconds left to make it 77-all. After Cleveland went back ahead on  Anderson Varejao 's basket, set up by pass from James, the Hawks pulled even again when  Tyronn Lue  found Wright for a lay-in at the buzzer. That was the last hurrah for the Hawks. Cleveland put the game away with a 15-6 run, capped off by another three-point play by James. He found himself in a mismatch with Atlanta backup  Matt Freije , drove around the defender and put in the shot while getting slapped and grabbed all the way through the lane. James' free throw make it 104-92 with 3:17 remaining, and the Hawks were done. "They got off to a great start," Johnson said. "That definitely hurt us. It's the same trend over and over. We get a good crowd and we can't perform for them." Damon Jones  added 15 points for the Cavaliers, going 3-of-4 from beyond the arc and taunting the crowd after every one. "I play this game with so much pizazz," he said during a timeout. Atlanta's  Zaza Pachulia  had 20 points and 11 rebounds, while Lue added 17 points and several dazzling moves to set up open shots for his teammates. But the Hawks lost  Josh Smith  in the third quarter. He got scratched in the left eye and didn't return. Coach Mike Woodson listed him as day-to-day with the team heading off a West Coast road trip for five games in eight days. Game notes  The clock above one of the goals went out early in the third quarter with the Cavaliers preparing to shoot free throws. While one official went over to the scorer's table to discuss the situation, Cleveland's  Drew Gooden  fixed the malfunctioning clock by simply pulling on the net, slightly jarring the goal and bringing it back on line. ... The crowd of 19,650 was Atlanta's fourth sellout in eight home games. The Hawks had seven sellouts all of last season. ... Varejao took a shot to the chin with 7 minutes remaining, dripping blood on the court. As that was being cleaned up, the Brazilian headed off to the locker room to get six stitches. 