CLEVELAND (AP) -- The  Toronto Raptors  had two choices: Double team  LeBron James  or defend him one on one. Neither worked. James scored 26 points, added 10 assists and provided everything Cleveland needed in the final minutes, rallying the Cavaliers to a 95-91 win over Toronto on Wednesday night. With Cleveland trailing 84-77, James dished out three assists -- two for consecutive 3-pointers -- grabbed a rebound and scored five points, two on a thundering dunk, during a 13-0 burst to put the Cavs ahead by four. "When you got a guy like LeBron you really don't sweat it," said rookie  Daniel Gibson , who finished with 18 points and five rebounds, and contained  T.J. Ford  in his first NBA start. "You know that moment is going to come." After  Chris Bosh  scored and  Fred Jones  made a 3-pointer to bring Toronto within one with 39.6 seconds left, James drove the lane and fed  Donyell Marshall  for a 3 to make it 93-89 with 17.9 seconds remaining. By pushing the ball into the lane, James forced the Raptors to collapse their defense, which allowed him to find wide-open teammates. "It's pick your poison," Marshall said. And James made the Raptors pay. "I was taking what was there," James said. "There aren't too many defenses that can force me to do anything. They doubled me, they downed me and did what they wanted and I just took advantage of it." Ford's basket cut it to 93-91 but Gibson made two free throws with 11.4 seconds left to help seal it for the Cavs, who turned up their defensive intensity late after allowing the Raptors too many easy baskets. As he walked back to Cleveland's bench, Gibson, a second-round pick, was hugged by James, who is gaining more confidence in his young teammate. "I told him early in the season that he's going to be a good guard in this league, and he's going to be good for our team," James said. "We needed a guy to step up and show some poise and he did." Marshall added 19 points and  Eric Snow  12 for Cleveland. Bosh and  Anthony Parker  had 18 apiece and rookie  Andrea Bargnani  14 for the Raptors, who had control and an 84-77 lead with 5:13 to go. That's when James took over, accounting for 16 straight points as the Cavaliers stormed back. He first passed to  Damon Jones  and Marshall for 3s. Then, he drove into the lane to draw help and passed underneath to  Anderson Varejao  for an easy layup to give Cleveland an 85-84 lead with 3:43 left. On Cleveland's next trip, James drove baseline for a dunk, dropped a free throw 32 seconds later and scored on another layin to make it 90-84 with 2:09 left. "That's why he's mentioned for league MVP," Toronto coach  Sam Mitchell  said. "It's either him driving through the lane or getting it to other guys and them hitting contested shots." The Raptors went cold from the floor and 3:04 without a point before Bosh scored and Fred Jones hit a 3-pointer to pull them within 90-89. But James found Marshall for Cleveland's 10th 3, and Gibson helped put it away at the line. Gibson's 3-pointer in the final second gave the Cavaliers, who trailed by nine in the third quarter, a 68-67 lead entering the fourth. Coming off a horrible performance at Houston when they scored just 63, the Cavaliers managed just 18 in the first quarter and trailed by 10 when James hit a 3-pointer with 6:36 left before halftime. Cleveland made two more 3s, and James scored six points in the final 1:36 -- he had 19 in the first half -- as the Cavs closed within 47-44 at halftime. Game notes  The Cavs are 7-0 when they make seven or more 3s. ...  Zydrunas Ilgauskas  passed John "Hot Rod" Williams as Cleveland's top career offensive rebounder with 1,623. ... James hasn't warmed up to the NBA's new synthetic ball and would welcome back the leather one. On Tuesday, commissioner David Stern said he'll address the players' criticisms with Spalding, the ball manufacturer, and didn't rule out that the league could revert back. "It wouldn't be hard to make the adjustment," James said. "You can easily fall in love with the leather ball." ... Cavs coach Mike Brown is 61-39 in his first 100 games. ... Raptors F  Morris Peterson  was activated after missing seven games with a partial tear in his left elbow. Peterson played 371 consecutive games before getting hurt against the Cavs on Nov. 22. ... Cavs G  Larry Hughes  missed his 10th straight game with a high ankle sprain. His return date remains uncertain. 