MILWAUKEE (AP) --  Michael Redd  just needed a little rest to get
him going. Redd scored 19 of his team-high 33 points after the end of the
third quarter to help Milwaukee beat the  Portland Trail Blazers 
102-94 in overtime. "I had a burst of energy," said Redd, who got a rare rest in
the second quarter. He helped the Bucks grab the lead in the fourth quarter, but
they couldn't hold it. Redd then hit a key basket early in the
extra period. The Bucks took the lead right away in overtime on a slam dunk by
 Ruben Patterson . After an offensive foul call on Portland's Zach
Randolph, Redd hit a long jump shot to put Milwaukee ahead 90-86
with 2:57 left in overtime. Randolph missed a shot on the other end, and Patterson hit a
fast-break layup to extend the lead to six. Jarrett Jack  scored to cut the Milwaukee lead to four, but Mo
Williams and Redd hit jump shots on back-to-back possessions to go
ahead 96-88 with 1:03 remaining -- their biggest lead of the game. The Bucks were 5-for-8 from the field in overtime. Portland was
3-for-10. "When you don't play the game the right way, the game will come
back to bite you," Portland coach Nate McMillan said. "That's
exactly what happened. We didn't deserve to win this game." Jack scored a career-high 30 to lead Portland, which had lost
five straight and 10 of their last 12 before a surprising victory
at Detroit on Tuesday night. "We should've (taken) care of business in regulation, but we
let things slip out of our hands and they really took control in
overtime," Jack said. Jack also had 10 assists. "He was the one guy that seemed to be in it," McMillan said.
"He kept us in the game." Randolph added 20 and a team-high 14 rebounds. Patterson scored a season-high 26 for Milwaukee against the
Trail Blazers, his former team. "I had fun out there tonight," Patterson said. "Like I said,
every time I play my former team, I've got something to prove." Mo Williams  added 20 for the Bucks, who hope to build on some of
the momentum they gained by earning a split on a tough four-game
road trip that included a victory over the  Los Angeles Lakers . "We had a good West Coast trip, and our main goal was to come
back and defend our home court," Patterson said. The Bucks started sluggishly, scoring only scored only 14 points
in the first quarter. Portland's  Martell Webster  had 11
first-quarter points as Portland grabbed a 23-14 lead. But the Bucks rallied to within 1 at the half -- even with Redd
sitting on the bench toward the end of the second quarter. "This was probably the first time all year I was able to rest
him in the first half," Bucks coach Terry Stotts said. Redd said the break helped his energy at the end of the game. "I said, 'That's no problem at all," Redd said. "Our team
was rolling at the time." Redd's long jump shot, followed on the next possession by an
acrobatic reverse layup on the baseline, gave Milwaukee a 75-69
lead with 5:44 remaining in regulation. But Portland rallied to within 1, 84-83, on a 3-pointer by Jack,
then tied the game at 86 on another 3-pointer by  Ime Udoka  with
1:41 remaining. Randolph missed a potential go-ahead basket with less than a
minute remaining, and Jack missed a jump shot as the shot clock
expired to give the ball back to the Bucks. But Milwaukee's  Charlie Bell  missed a shot on the other end, and
Portland got the ball back to call time out with 8.6 seconds
remaining and a chance to take the lead. Portland inbounded the ball, but Randolph missed a potential
game-winning layup at the buzzer and the game went into overtime. "I thought it was good," Randolph said. Game notes Bucks forward  Bobby Simmons  is scheduled to undergo the
first of two surgical procedures on his right foot Dec. 18. General
manager Larry Harris said Simmons would be out an "extended
amount" of time, but it has not yet been determined whether he
will miss the rest of the season. ... Bucks coach Terry Stotts said
he hoped injured forward  Charlie Villanueva  (elbow) would be able
to play against Memphis on Friday. ... Williams scored 20 for
Milwaukee, and Webster added 19 for Portland. 