LOS ANGELES (AP) -- The  Los Angeles Clippers ' stifling defense
made it another ugly visit to Staples Center for the New Orleans
Hornets. Elton Brand  had 22 points and 10 rebounds and five other players
scored in double figures for the Clippers, who forced the Hornets
into 26 turnovers in Sunday's 92-76 victory. New Orleans has dropped five straight to the Clippers in Los
Angeles -- including a humiliating 89-67 defeat on March 21 in which
they scored an NBA record-low 16 points in the second half. The
Hornets missed 21 consecutive shots in that game, had only one
field goal over the final 20 minutes and were outscored 25-0 during
one stretch. "I'm sure they remembered that horror show, so they really
showed some resilience on their end today by fighting hard and
coming back," Brand said. "But we didn't fold. We wanted to get
that win. You've got to protect your homecourt. You've got to send
a message to other teams that it's going to be tough to win at
Staples Center -- especially when you play the Clippers." The Lakers' co-tenants have won five straight -- all at home --
since losing at Phoenix on opening night. They also won their first
five home games last season and finished 27-14 at Staples. The Hornets, who blew a 27-point lead in Friday's 92-91 loss at
Portland, have lost three straight after starting out 4-0 for the
first time in the franchise's 19-year history. "I don't have a problem losing games," coach Byron Scott said.
"I mean, I hate losing -- but it's like when I was a player. If I
knew I gave everything I had out there and played like it was the
last game I ever played, then I could look at myself in the mirror
and say `Hey, they were just better than us that night.' But right
now, we're not giving ourselves a chance. And that's very
disheartening." The Clippers converted the Hornets' turnovers into 24 points.
They turned the ball over 15 times themselves, and have had fewer
than their opponents in every game so far. New Orleans had 12 turnovers in the first quarter -- including
two shot-clock violations 47 seconds apart. Reserve forward Cedric
Simmons coughed up the ball three times during a span of 70 seconds
after replacing  Tyson Chandler , who picked up two fouls in the
first 6  minutes. "I don't think a whole lot of it was the Clippers," Scott
said. "I mean, I love the talent they have over there. They have
an excellent basketball team and they're very well coached by Mike
Dunleavy, but they're not a pressure team. They're not trapping us
full-court. They're not double-teaming. We're just throwing the
ball away." Point guard  Chris Paul , held to a season-low 12 points Friday at
Portland, made his first five shots and finished with 20 for New
Orleans. Chandler had 13 rebounds and eight points. Down by 13 with 7 minutes left in the third quarter, the Hornets
used a 9-0 run to slice the margin to 62-58 with 4:18 left in the
period. They got as close as 66-64 just before the end of the third
on a pair of free throws by  Bobby Jackson , but weren't able to take
the lead. Los Angeles ran off eight straight points early in the fourth to
restore their double-digit margin and trigger a decisive 20-5 run
that put the Clippers ahead 88-71 with 1:51 to play. "We just executed what we needed to do,"  Sam Cassell  said. "I
wouldn't say we wore them down because they're a heck of a team.
They put you in awkward situations and give you some difficult
matchups, with Chris Paul's penetration and  Peja Stojakovic  out
there shooting the long ball." Game notes The Hornets' franchise record for turnovers is 33, on Nov.
23, 1993 in a 118-98 loss at Washington. ... Scott played two
seasons for Dunleavy when Dunleavy coached the Lakers -- including
1990-91, when they lost to Chicago in the NBA Finals. ... The
Clippers' next game is Tuesday night at Utah, where they have lost
in 32 of their last 33 visits. 