SAN ANTONIO (AP) --  Mo Williams ' Christmas workout paid off
immediately for the  Milwaukee Bucks . Michael Redd  scored 36 points, Williams added 23 and the Bucks
rallied from a 13-point deficit to beat the  San Antonio Spurs 
114-107 Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory. "I came here yesterday and just worked on making layups, making
layups, making layups, because those are big shots for me,"
Williams said. Williams scored 10 points in the fourth quarter and Redd added
eight. The Bucks shot 68 percent in the final period and outscored
the Spurs 31-20. The effectiveness that Williams and Redd showed in getting to
the basket for layups contributed to Milwaukee having a 76-40
advantage in points in the paint. The dominance came mostly out of the half-court offense because
San Antonio had a 18-15 advantage in fast-break points. Milwaukee also struggled from outside, going 1-of-11 from
3-point range. "To score that many points in the paint against a team like San
Antonio is remarkable," Bucks coach Terry Stotts said. The Bucks (14-14) returned to .500 for the first time since they
were 2-2 on Nov. 6. Redd was 14-of-22 from the floor and made all
eight of his free throws as Milwaukee won in San Antonio for the
first time in five years. Andrew Bogut  scored 14 and reserve  Ruben Patterson  had 13 for
the Bucks. The Spurs (21-8) had won six of seven. But coach Gregg Popovich
doesn't think the won-loss record has been built by defense -- as it
usually is in San Antonio. "They scored enough points to win three games," Popovich said.
"This is our worst defensive team in the last seven to eight
years. "Our players need to make up their minds ... that (defense) is
what wins games for us, or if they want to make summer plans." The Spurs were playing without  Manu Ginobili  and  Brent Barry .
Both stayed home because of a stomach flu. "They obviously missed those guys," Redd said. "But they're
capable of beating anybody regardless of who is playing. They
almost won tonight." It looked like  Tony Parker  would take up the slack. He scored 24
points, but only two in the second half. Tim Duncan  had 25 for San Antonio. "Things that hurt us in the first half we were able to shore up
in the second half -- mainly Parker's penetration," Stotts said. Trailing by 13 in the third quarter, the Bucks took the lead
when Bogut rebounded a miss by Redd and made the basket with 5:32
left in the game. The Bucks were ahead by two when they got a layup from Williams
and made it 110-104 with 1:22 to go when Patterson rebounded Redd's
miss and passed the ball back out to Redd for a jumper. Watching Williams' layup and the 76-point explosion in the paint
by the Bucks irked Duncan. "That's never happened -- not since I've been here," Duncan
said. "Defense obviously is a concern of ours right now." The Spurs outscored Milwaukee 17-6 over a span of 5:26 to take a
13-point lead midway through the third quarter. When  Bruce Bowen 
hit his second of three 3-point shots in the third quarter, San
Antonio led 78-65. But the Bucks ended the quarter by outscoring the Spurs 14-2
over a span of 3:25, and Milwaukee trailed by 84-83 with less than
a minute before the fourth quarter. Redd hit 6-of-7 to start the game. He took just two shots --
making them both -- in the second quarter when the Bucks fell behind
by as many as eight with 3 minutes to go. San Antonio led 61-55 at
halftime. Parker hit 4-of-5 to start the game. The Bucks shot 14-of-22 from the floor for 64 percent during the
first quarter and built an eight-point lead 6:11 into the game, but
they still trailed 33-31 heading into the second quarter. Redd
missed his first shot of the night and made six straight before the
start of the second. Game notes Bucks guard  Steve Blake  played only 7 minutes in the first
half before he came out of the game with a lumbar strain. ... The
Bucks hadn't won in San Antonio since Dec. 23, 2001. ... Bogut was
called for a technical foul early in the second half for arguing a
call with referee Violet Palmer. ... Spurs reserve center Fabricio
Oberto was 4-for-4 from the floor, which still fell far short of
his team record 11-of-11 night on Nov. 8 against Phoenix. 