SEATTLE (AP) -- Bob Hill saw  Earl Watson  start to overcome his
early season struggles in practice about 10 days ago. It didn't materialize on the court until Friday night. Watson sparked Seattle off the bench with 17 points, seven
assists and five steals, leading the SuperSonics to a 94-74 victory
over the New Orleans Hornets on Friday night. Watson entered Friday shooting just 30.6 percent, but was
7-of-13 and ignited a dominant first half by the Sonics, who won
their third straight home game. "He turned the corner 10, 12 days ago in practice ... but it's
still somewhat of a breakthrough performance for him. That's what
we got used to seeing last year," Hill said. "His energy,
stealing the ball, making dramatic plays; I'm happy for him, he
needed it." Watson, who darted out of the locker room before Hill finished
his postgame comments, struggled to find his shot all season and
his bantering in the media with Hill fueled rumors the reserve
guard could be on the trading block. Watson showed glimpses of emerging from his slump on Tuesday
with 10 points against Atlanta. His improvement will be needed for
the next two weeks as the Sonics will be without leading scorer Ray
Allen, out with a bruised bone in his right ankle. Allen enjoyed what he saw from the sidelines on Friday as the
Sonics built a 26-point first-half lead, watched the Hornets close
to seven in the third, then pulled away in the final 15 minutes. "We know Earl is a good player and eventually he would come
around," Seattle's  Rashard Lewis  said. "Hopefully he can be more
consistent and play well off the bench, because we need it." Chris Wilcox  had 19 points and eight rebounds, Lewis scored 15
points and  Damien Wilkins  added 14 for the Sonics. Meanwhile, the tone was much different in the locker room of the
Hornets, who lost for the sixth time in their last seven games.
Coach Byron Scott ripped into his players afterward for their lack
of effort and focus. "It's getting redundant. We are getting two or three games
where we come out and get great effort and then we get a few games
where we come out like we did tonight," Scott said. "I went on a
mini rampage in there and I'm not happy. I'm not happy with the
effort." Chris Paul  scored 16 points to lead the Hornets, who played
again without  Bobby Jackson  (cracked rib),  Peja Stojakovic  (back
spasms) and  David West  (forearm). Desmond Mason  added 10 points for the Hornets, who showed little
energy at the start and stumbled offensively in the first half. If
not for  Hilton Armstrong 's seven points off the bench in the final
four minutes of the second quarter, the Hornets would have
threatened the franchise record for fewest points in a half at 25. New Orleans went 9:03 of the first half with just two baskets,
getting outscored 19-4 during the stretch, as Seattle took its
biggest lead at 46-20 on Wilkins' basket with 4:05 left in the
second quarter. "Three of four games we play hard and three or four games we
take it off," Scott said. "If that's the case, then somebody
should be giving their money back." Watson was energetic in the first half with nine points, three
assists and three steals, including a reverse layup while falling
down and trying an off-the-backboard alley-oop to Wilcox. Watson
was fouled on the play, erasing Wilcox's emphatic dunk. The low point for the Hornets was Watson swiping  Jannero Pargo 
as Pargo lazily dribbled to halfcourt to call a timeout. Watson
dribbled in the clear and slammed down a one-handed dunk. The Hornets surged in the third behind 12 points from Paul,
closing to 64-57 on the guard's driving three-point play with 3:16
left. Wilcox missed a jumper at the other end, but rookie Mickael
Gelabale swooped in from the wing and slammed the rebound. Watson
then scored eight straight points and Seattle scored the first
eight points of the fourth, pushing the lead back to 18. Game notes It was the first game in Seattle for the Hornets, who are
playing 35 games in Oklahoma City, the home of Seattle majority
owner Clay Bennett. Bennett has said a solution to KeyArena must be
found or the Sonics may be moved. A number of signs in the arena
said "Save our Sonics." ... The Hornets made just 15 of 26 free
throws and the 74 points were a season low. 