SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) -- Although he missed a potential game-winning shot in regulation,  Dwyane Wade  still was the player the  Miami Heat  wanted taking the big shots in overtime. Wade had 32 points, including seven in the extra period, and added 11 rebounds and nine assists to lead the Heat to a 93-91 victory over the slumping  Sacramento Kings  on Thursday night. "It was typical Dwyane, he has those type of abilities," said  Alonzo Mourning , who fouled out in overtime and had 10 points, six rebounds and three blocks. "We trust him with the ball in those situations. We know he will come up big for us." Wade forgot about the jumper he missed to conclude regulation and quickly got to work in overtime. He connected on a 17-footer to break an 85-85 tie and the Heat never trailed again. Wade, the MVP during Miami's win over Dallas in the NBA finals last season, scored his final two points on a long jumper from the corner that put Miami ahead 92-85 with 2:26 left. He made 13 of 27 shots and was one assist shy of his fourth career triple-double. "Wade hit some difficult shots in crucial stretches of the game which we all know he's going to do," Kings coach Eric Musselman said. "Having said that, I thought our guys did a good job of not quitting, believing that they could win even when Miami got that lead up to double digits." The Kings pulled to 92-91 on  Brad Miller 's basket inside with 33 seconds remaining.  Mike Bibby  had a chance to win the game, but missed on an off-balance drive to the basket in the closing seconds and  Udonis Haslem  secured the rebound.  Michael Doleac  then made one free throw to seal the win. "Of course we are going to be down about this game," said  Kevin Martin , who scored 13 points on 3-for-15 shooting. "But we've got to stay together and keep fighting." Gary Payton  and  Jason Williams  had 11 points for Miami, which has beaten the Kings in six straight games, including the last three at Arco Arena.  Jason Kapono  had 10 points and Haslem had 14 rebounds. Bibby scored 19 of his 20 points after halftime, and Miller and  Ron Artest  both had 15 for the Kings, who have lost five straight. Trailing 83-71 following a basket by Wade with 3:57 remaining, Sacramento scored 10 straight points and pulled to within two on two occasions. Miller, fouled by Mourning while going for a defensive rebound, made two free throws to tie the score at 85 with 4.4 seconds left. "We had an 11-point lead with 4 minutes to go and we couldn't hold on to it," Miami coach Pat Riley said. "It was a combination of not playing defense and not making one or two plays." Wade got the inbound pass following a timeout and missed the potential winning shot, sending the game into overtime. Miami, playing the majority of the season without the injured  Shaquille O'Neal , improved to 5-4 on the road and concludes a four-game trip at Denver on Friday night. The Heat are just 3-6 at home. After going scoreless in the opening half, Williams got it going in the third quarter, making three 3-pointers and scoring 11 points as the Heat increased their four-point halftime lead to 68-60 heading into the fourth. Wade connected on a variety of acrobatic shots in the opening half, scoring 12 points to help the Heat take a 42-38 lead. Game notes  Artest had missed the previous three games with back spasms. After missing 22 of 25 3-point attempts in their previous game with the Clippers, the Heat made their first two against the Kings and went 6 of 14. ... Bibby and Martin, Sacramento's two leading scorers, made a combined 1 of 10 shots in the first half and had three points. Wade has led Miami in scoring 15 straight games. 