DALLAS (AP) -- The  Dallas Mavericks  needed  Jason Terry 's hot
3-point shooting to overcome a sloppy, 21-turnover performance. Dirk Nowitzki  had 24 points and 13 rebounds, Terry hit his first
five 3-pointers and added 19 points, and the Mavericks extended
their winning streak to five games with an 89-84 victory over the
 Memphis Grizzlies  on Saturday night. Terry went 5-for-6 from 3-point range and the Mavericks were
9-for-17 beyond the arc. "My shot felt really good," Terry said. "Guys are doing a
great job of penetrating and kicking the ball to the open shooters.
When I'm open, I'm there to knock them down. I was doing a good job
of catching in rhythm and shooting." The teams were meeting for the second time in 24 hours. The
Mavericks rallied for a 115-103 victory in Memphis on Friday night
in the first of a rare back-to-back, home-and-home series. Rookie  Rudy Gay  scored a season-high 23 points and  Chucky Atkins 
had 17 for the Grizzlies, who lost their seventh straight. "Our first month has been more difficult than most teams,"
Memphis guard  Damon Stoudamire  said. "But hey, this is the NBA.
Nobody's going to feel sorry for us." Gay had one point on Friday night in his first look at the
Mavericks, and while he picked up the pace 24 hours later, he came
away impressed with the defending Western Conference champs. "They can run, they can grind, or they can shoot over you,"
Gay said. "There's a lot of different ways they can beat you. We
came in tonight expecting anything." The Mavericks opened the season with four consecutive losses,
but have turned things around to move over .500 for the first time
this season. "With an 0-4 start, are you kidding me? We'll take it," Dallas
coach  Avery Johnson  said. "Sometimes when you're losing, it gets
pretty lonely. Food doesn't taste good, a lot of things don't taste
good. But when you're winning, we'll take it." Dallas began the fourth quarter with 12-4 run over the first 7 
minutes, sparked by consecutive 3-pointers from reserve Austin
Croshere, for a 79-70 advantage. Memphis got within 87-84 with 32 seconds left on  Mike Miller 's
three-point play, but Nowitzki fed  Devin Harris  for a baseline
layup with 11 seconds remaining for the final margin. "I just cut to the basket and was able to get there without any
problems," Harris said. Croshere hadn't gotten off the bench in the previous four games,
but he gave Dallas a lift with eight points and five rebounds in
less than 12 minutes. With starter  Jerry Stackhouse  out with a groin injury, the
Mavericks turned to Croshere. "You've got to be ready when the opportunity is there,"
Croshere said. "I hope this gives them confidence in me." Memphis scored 27 points off the 21 turnovers by the Mavericks,
who began the night averaging 14.5. Memphis held a 46-44 halftime lead despite missing 14 of 19
field goal attempts in the opening quarter. Grizzlies forward  Hakim Warrick  had six points (1-for-13
shooting) after getting 26 points Friday night, and teammate
 Stromile Swift  had three points after scoring 21 Friday. Game notes The Mavericks have won nine in a row over the Grizzlies.
... Stackhouse aggravated a strained groin while scoring 19 points
Friday night.  Devean George  started for Stackhouse, who is listed
as day-to-day. ...F  Josh Howard  missed his sixth consecutive game
with a sprained left ankle. Johnson expects Howard to begin running
and practicing next week. ... Memphis G  Eddie Jones  was out for his
third straight game with right Achilles tendinitis. ... First-round
draft pick  Maurice Ager  scored his first four NBA points in the
first half for Dallas. 