DALLAS (AP) -- Sure, the  Dallas Mavericks  have won 12 straight
games and they haven't even trailed the last four. But they have a flaw that gnaws at coach  Avery Johnson : They're
getting bored with all the big leads they're piling up.
 
 
 
 After The Fall 
 
 
 
 The Dallas Mavericks have won 12 straight after an 0-4 start. The longest winning streaks within a single season in Mavs history: 
 
 
 
 
 Season 
 
 
 Streak 
 
 
 Ended 
 
 
 
 
2002-03
 
 
14
 
 
At Indiana
 
 
 
 
2005-06
 
 
13
 
 
At Denver
 
 
 
 
2006-07
 
 
12
 
 
???
 
 
 
 
1987-88
 
 
11
 
 
At New York
 
 
 
 
 
Fueled by a 38-point first quarter and a 62-point first half,
the Mavericks cruised past the  Sacramento Kings  109-90 Friday night
despite some obvious bouts with complacency. How else do you explain  Jerry Stackhouse  shooting an airball
from 12 feet at the end of the first quarter? Or  Devean George  blowing a dunk just before halftime? As proud as he has to be over the third-longest winning streak
in club history -- all since an 0-4 start -- Johnson rarely lets it
show. He called a timeout after a few defensive breakdowns while up
25 in the third quarter, and in the huddle barked about them having
several fouls in the quarter while the Kings didn't have any. "It's not always going to be like this," Johnson said. "We've
hit a stretch where we're getting away (from opponents) with some
leads now." Josh Howard  made 10-of-14 shots and scored 24 points, and Dirk
Nowitzki added 18 in 20 minutes, but still seemed bothered by the
blurred vision that knocked him out of the previous game. He missed
eight of his first nine shots and finished 4-of-15; he went
10-of-10 from the line, though, and had 10 rebounds. "That Nowitzki kid is going to have to work on his shooting,"
Johnson said, proving he can have some fun. Said Nowitzki: "I had a lot of good looks tonight, especially
in the first half, but I really couldn't get anything going." And, yes, he was able to see those good looks, saying his vision
"was great today." The key to the Mavs' strong play lately has been terrific
starts. They've scored at least 33 points in five straight first
quarters, all since Howard returned from an injury. The 62 points
at halftime was a season high. "Zoom, zoom, zoom, we come out running," said  Devin Harris ,
who had 13 points and six assists. Actually, it was 3-pointers that built this lead. Dallas went 7-of-9 in the opening period to finish it ahead
38-19, then opened the second quarter with another 3. The Mavericks
were 3-of-11 behind the arc after that, but it hardly mattered. Sacramento scored 41 points in the first half, only three more
than Dallas had in the first quarter. The lead peaked at 32 in the
third quarter, and the Kings didn't get within 20 in the second
half until the game's final basket. Sacramento had won two straight. The Kings had not trailed by
more than 12 after one quarter or one half this season and their
most lopsided loss had been by 13. Perhaps the worst thing Dallas did was anger  Ron Artest . "I'm going to remember this game," said Artest, who didn't
start because of a flare-up of an ongoing back problem, but led the
Kings with 15 points. "I want to come back to Dallas and take a
victory." Kevin Martin  was the only Sacramento starter to crack double
digits, scoring 13. Then again, with a game in San Antonio on
Saturday night, coach Eric Musselman limited all his starters to 24
minutes or less. Off the bench,  Francisco Garcia  scored 12 points and Corliss
Williamson and  Ronnie Price  had 10. Jerry Stackhouse also scored 13 points for Dallas and Erick
Dampier had 13 points and 11 rebounds.  Anthony Johnson  had 10
assists off the bench and reserve  DeSagana Diop  had 10 rebounds. Dallas padded its winning streak with four straight games at
home and five of the last six. The Mavericks will try matching the
13-game winning streak by last season's team when they play at
Washington on Monday night, then hope to try going for the club
record of 14 the next night in New Jersey. If they can pull that off, they'd go for a new mark at home
Thursday night against Detroit, the next-hottest team in the league
right now with eight straight wins. At 12-4, Dallas now has a full-game lead over San Antonio in the
Southwest Division and is a half-game behind Utah for the best
record in the NBA -- just like you'd expect from the reigning
Western Conference champions. "We're trying to get back to that championship series in June
and hopefully this time we can win it," Howard said. Could this year's team be even better than last year's club? "I think we're deeper than we were last year," Nowitzki said.
"We added some nice pieces. ... It's going to be another long
grind." Game notes Mavs owner Mark Cuban was back from the GQ Man of the Year
awards in Los Angeles, where he was honored alongside the likes of
Al Gore, Spike Lee and the cast of "Jackass." The big news: He
wore a suit to the event, the first time he's done that all year.
For this game, he broke out a new T-shirt that read, "Property of
David Stern University." ... Artest and  Shareef Abdur-Rahim  got
technicals the night the players' association filed a grievance
over the "zero-tolerance" policy being enforced by officials. 