OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) -- Don Nelson's players gathered around him
as soon as the game ended to pose for a picture and give their
coach the game ball to commemorate his 1,200th win. After failing in his first four attempts to reach that
milestone, it was more of a relief than a celebration. "The pressure was starting to mount," Nelson said. "It's good
to get it out of the way." Mickael Pietrus  scored 22 points and keyed a run that broke the
game open early in the fourth quarter to help the Warriors snap
their four-game skid with a 101-80 victory over the New Orleans
Hornets on Saturday night. With the win, Nelson joined Lenny Wilkens (1,332) as the only
coaches with at least 1,200. Nelson wants to get the game ball
signed by Wilkens when the Warriors play at Seattle on Sunday
night. Wilkens, who led SuperSonics to the NBA title in 1979, is
now a team executive. Despite the enthusiasm from his players, Nelson downplayed the
accomplishment, noting that he also has 890 losses in 28 seasons as
a head coach. "It just means that I've been around a long time," he said.
"Look and see who is one of the top guys who's lost games and I'm
right there, too. I've been fortunate to be able to do this a long
time." After watching his team lose consecutive games by a combined 68
points in San Antonio and Houston to extend a losing streak to four
games, Nelson convened a two-day minicamp to reinforce defensive
fundamentals to his struggling team. The lessons paid off as the Warriors held an opponent under 100
points for just the second time in 10 games, holding New Orleans to
12-for-34 shooting in the second half. "We just needed to get back to doing the little things,"
forward  Andris Biedrins  said. "In the two days during the
minicamp, we really just stuck to the same things we did during
training camp and it really helped." It also helped that Golden State was matched up against a New
Orleans team missing three of its five leading scorers. The Hornets were also playing the second half of back-to-back
games following a 20-point loss at Seattle that prompted coach
Byron Scott to rip his players for their lack of effort and focus.
Scott said his team's effort was better this game but the poor
shooting doomed the Hornets. "Guys are getting wide-open shots and missing," Scott said.
"On the other end, we're contesting shots and they're making them.
So right now if you look at our team, we're not a very good
basketball team." New Orleans was dealt another blow when  Desmond Mason  missed
most of the third quarter with a loose filling. Mason scored 22 of
his team-high 24 points in the first half for the Hornets, who have
lost seven of eight. The Warriors took advantage of Mason's absence to break open the
game. Pietrus hit the first two baskets after halftime, and Golden
State scored the first six points of the quarter to break a tie
score and cap an 18-3 run. Davis stole an outlet pass from  Rasual Butler  and converted a
three-point play to give Golden State a 73-62 lead with 32.6
seconds to go in the quarter. "In the second half we started to turn the ball over a little
bit," Mason said. "We had some good looks and we missed some
shots." Golden State scored the last five points in the third quarter
before opening the fourth on a 9-2 run, capped by a 3-pointer and
emphatic two-handed jam by Pietrus that made it 82-64. Monta Ellis , who sprained his left foot in practice Friday,
scored 17 points for Golden State. Biedrins added 17 points and 13
rebounds, and Davis finished with 16 points, 10 assists and nine
rebounds. Jannero Pargo  had 15 points and 12 rebounds despite shooting
4-for-15 for New Orleans. Butler had 13 points on 5-of-17 shooting
and  Chris Paul  scored 11 on 4-of-12 shooting as the Hornets
struggled against Golden State's 3-2 zone. Mason's 9-for-9 first-half shooting helped New Orleans break out
to 42-33 lead. But the Warriors then went on a run, getting
back-to-back breakaway dunks by Ellis in the final minute of the
half to cap a 12-1 spurt. Mason hit two free throws in the final
seconds of the second quarter to tie it at 45. Game notes The Hornets were without swingman  Peja Stojakovic  (back
spasms), forward  David West  (strained right forearm) and guard
 Bobby Jackson  (cracked left rib), who account for 46.1 points and
16.6 rebounds per game. ... The Hornets committed 21 turnovers,
giving them 48 the past two games. 