SAN ANTONIO (AP) -- Just two days after watching the Spurs give
up more points than they had all season, San Antonio coach Gregg
Popovich saw something he was more accustomed to Thursday night. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 The Spurs defeated the Jazz 106-83 for Utah's 15th consecutive loss at San Antonio. That not only equaled the second-longest such streak in franchise history --that is, most consecutive road losses against one opponent -- it's also the longest since the New Orleans Jazz moved to Salt Lake City in 1979. The two other streaks of 15 or more including the team's Louisiana legacy: 19 at Boston (1976-1991) and 15 at Phoenix (1977-1983).  For more Elias Says,  click here 
 
 
 Tony Parker  scored 22 points and the Spurs played smothering
defense to beat Utah 106-83, San Antonio's 15th consecutive home
victory over the Jazz. "I recognized the team that was out there tonight," Popovich
said. San Antonio gave up 114 points in a loss on Tuesday to
Milwaukee. But the Jazz could only shoot 42 percent from the floor. They
committed 17 turnovers and had eight shots blocked. The Jazz even had trouble from the free-throw line, hitting
19-of-32 foul shots for less than 60 percent. Tim Duncan  added 20 points for the Spurs and had three blocked
shots. "We realized our mistakes from last game, and we understand
that defensively we are a much better ball club," Duncan said. "I
have to be able to block shots back there, be more of a shot
blocker and more of a contester back there." Manu Ginobili  returned from a one-game absence because of
stomach flu and scored 12 points, had four rebounds and three
assists in 19 minutes. Deron Williams  led Utah (21-9) with 11 points. Carlos Boozer , who leads the league with 22 double-doubles, was
limited to nine points and seven rebounds on 2-of-10 shooting from
the floor. "Those guys gave us a lesson on how to play basketball
tonight," Utah coach Jerry Sloan said. "They took us straight out
of what we wanted to do. We started to take tough shots and stopped
executing." Parker hit all five of his shots from the floor and scored 12
points in the second quarter as the Spurs turned a one-point lead
with 8:27 to go in the half into a 15-point advantage at halftime. "They took it to us and were the aggressor," Boozer said. San Antonio had a 27-point lead heading into the fourth quarter.
The Spurs avoided losing three straight at home for the first time
since January 2002. "I thought Tony [Parker] did a good job defensively setting a
tone in that regard," Popovich said. "Offensively he ran a really
good, balanced attack for himself and others." The Jazz dropped to 1-7 when they are held to less than 100
points. They avoided their season low of 78 points scored on Nov.
27 against Orlando. The Jazz have not won in San Antonio in almost eight years. Andrei Kirilenko , who got elbowed in the head against the Los
Angeles Clippers on Tuesday and did not return after playing 16
minutes, started against the Spurs. But he was limited to six
points in 27 minutes. Brent Barry  and  Matt Bonner  also returned from stomach flu.
Bonner scored 12 points and Barry seven, both in reserve roles. After trailing by as many as seven points in the first quarter,
the Jazz pulled to 36-35 when Williams hit a 19-foot jump shot 3:33
into the second quarter. But the Spurs outscored Utah 17-4 during the next 5:55 to go
ahead by 14 points. With Parker hitting two shots before the second quarter ended,
the Spurs had a 15-point lead at the break. Parker went 5-for-5
from the floor during the final eight minutes of the half. Game notes   Francisco Elson , who started eight games at center for
the Spurs before his torn right rotator cuff injury Tuesday, is
expected to be out for at least two weeks. ...  Fabricio Oberto , who
has started 21 games this season at center, missed the start
against the Jazz when he became the fourth Spurs player this week
to be affected by stomach flu. ...  Robert Horry  started for Elson,
his first start of the season. ... Utah forward  Matt Harpring 
missed his second straight game with a stomach virus. ... Mehmet
Okur and  Bruce Bowen  kept two of the league's top four current
consecutive-games streaks in tact, Okur at 205 straight games
(fourth-best) and Bowen with a league-best 384. 