SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- Sacramento coach Eric Musselman spent the game matching moves with mentor Mike Fratello. 
 
 Grisly Track Record 
 
 
 The Grizzlies are a declawed bunch whenever they hit the hardwood at ARCO Arena. The franchise has lost 17 straight games to the Kings in Sacramento. The worst road records vs. one team (among active NBA franchises): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 W-L 
 
 
 Win Pct. 
 
 
 Opponent 
 
 
 
 
Grizzlies
 
 
0-10
 
 
.000
 
 
Pacers
 
 
 
 
Grizzlies
 
 
1-22
 
 
.043
 
 
Kings
 
 
 
 
Heat
 
 
1-18
 
 
.053
 
 
Spurs
 
 
 
 
Grizzlies
 
 
2-2-
 
 
.091
 
 
Nuggets
 
 
 
 
Raptors
 
 
1-10
 
 
.091
 
 
Kings
 
 
 
 
 *Minimum 10 games 
 
 
 
 The pupil came out on top as  Mike Bibby  had 32 points and 10 assists in an uptempo game to lead the Kings to their fourth straight victory, 115-111 over the struggling  Memphis Grizzlies . Musselman spent the past two seasons in Memphis as Fratello's lead assistant before accepting the Sacramento job this summer. "From everything the coaches said, they [Memphis] would be walking the ball up the court," said  Shareef Abdur-Rahim , who had 21 points and 13 rebounds for the Kings. "We are just thankful to have gotten out of the game with a win." Kevin Martin  scored 24 points, including a few huge baskets down the stretch for Sacramento, which made 11-of-20 3-pointers. Trailing 98-89, the Grizzlies scored 10 straight points to take a one-point lead. Martin answered with a 3-pointer putting the Kinds ahead for good with 4:49 left. He made another big 3-pointer with just over a minute left and sealed the victory with two free throws for a 111-106 lead with 15 seconds remaining. "Obviously, Memphis changed their style of play tonight -- they went extremely small, spread the floor and had a lot of drives and kick," Musselman said. "Maybe we wanted to show we could score tonight. Obviously, it was a game for the fans." Chucky Atkins , who had a pregame hug for Musselman, scored 27 points to lead Memphis, which has lost five straight. "He and I have a history that goes back to the CBA," said Atkins, who didn't attempt a shot in the first half and went scoreless. "I'm glad he got his second head coaching job here in Sacramento. It's a good situation for him." The Grizzlies have dropped 17 straight games at Arco Arena since beating the Kings on April 19, 1998. Damon Stoudamire  scored 19 points,  Mike Miller  had 17 and eight rebounds, and  Stromile Swift  added 15 for Memphis. "We didn't to a very good job on Mike [Bibby] in the second half," Fratello said. "So he had a big second half and was making shots. They had big shots they had to make and they did." Ron Artest  came off the bench for the first time since Feb. 17, 2004, scoring 19 points and having one of his best games offensively this season. It was questionable whether Artest would play at all after suffering back spasms in the layup line prior to the game. But he was riding an exercise bike in the tunnel leading to the court in the game's opening minutes and entered midway through the first quarter. "I thought he just went to the bathroom," Martin said. "You know Ron. You never know what he's going to do." Atkins scored 16 points in the first 6½ minutes of the third quarter. Still, the Kings withstood his barrage of baskets, going on a 17-2 run and taking an 84-77 lead into the fourth. "I'm happy for Chucky," Musselman said. "He can really shoot the basketball. He really got hot in the third quarter. He had a great game." Abdur-Rahim, Martin and Artest each had 10 points in before halftime, when Sacramento led 54-49.
 
 Game notes 
Earlier in the day, the NBA announced, at the request of the Maloof ownership, that the league office would be directing future efforts in regards to Sacramento building a new arena for the Kings. ... Martin missed a free throw in the opening quarter, ending his string of 39 straight. ... The Memphis bench, which leads the NBA in scoring, had 42 points. ... Rookie  Rudy Gay  injured his left ankle in the third quarter and did not return, finishing with six points and five rebounds. 