MILWAUKEE (AP) -- A beaming  Mo Williams  compared his first career triple-double to another important event in his life. "It's just like having your first child," he said. Williams, who has two children, finished with 19 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists, and  Michael Redd  added 28 points as the  Milwaukee Bucks  beat the  Miami Heat  121-95 on Wednesday night to extend their home winning streak to five. "It's a great accomplishment," Williams said. " Jason Kidd , he gets so many, you know another is like, OK, is that 75? This is one for me." Like a proud father-to-be counting down the days until his child is born, Williams knew exactly what he needed to cap his big performance. Bucks coach Terry Stotts had substituted for the starters, but left Williams on the floor with the reserves to add his 10th assist. "I let them know when we were coming out on the court, 'You shoot the ball, don't dribble," said a laughing Williams. "So Ersan (Ilyasova) caught it. He catches it and shoots anyway, so I felt comfortable. I'm just glad he made it." Stotts said his message was simple in the final huddle. "Everyone knew, if Mo passed the ball, they were supposed to shoot," he said. Ilyasova's 3-pointer with 2:53 left was the only drama left after the Bucks were well on their way to their best offensive output since scoring 132 points and hitting 18 3-pointers in a win against Phoenix last season. Redd and Miami's  Dwyane Wade , who finished with 27 points, put on a scoring show early, but Wade became mired in foul trouble and began settling for jump shots. "They came out and put it to us in the second half," he said. With Wade no longer driving to the hoop, no one else stepped up for Miami. The Bucks extended their defense in the second half and went on an 11-0 run early in the third quarter, capped by consecutive layups by Williams in taking the lead for good. "Offensively, we got rolling and made some shots, but I didn't think we let up defensively, which was key," Stotts said. Wade picked up his fourth foul with just more than four minutes to go in the quarter and scored only six more points the rest of the way. Miami, which shot 55 percent in the first half, went just 13-of-37 after halftime. "We couldn't make anything in the second half," Heat coach Pat Riley said. "We missed layups, we missed jump shots, wide-open 3s." The game got out of reach quickly in the fourth as the Bucks shot 7-of-8 from 3-point range, while going 7-of-11 from inside the arc. Four Bucks hit 3-pointers in the fourth, and  Charlie Bell  hit all five of his shots in the final quarter for 13 of his 16 points. His 3-pointer with 4:22 left gave Milwaukee its first 30-point lead, 111-81. Meanwhile, the Heat showed the same type of inconsistency that has plagued them much of the season. Miami still hasn't won three consecutive games after getting its third chance. Alonzo Mourning , who had averaged 14.5 points over his last four games, fought foul trouble and went 1-of-5 from the field, finishing with three points in 19 minutes. "If we focus on defense, you know our offense is going to be there," Mourning said. "We've shown we can do it, but it's a matter of doing it on a consistent basis. It's easier said than done." The Bucks got 17 points from  Andrew Bogut  and 16 from  Charlie Villanueva .  Dorell Wright  scored 14 points,  Antoine Walker  13 and  Jason Kapono  11 for Miami. Wade has averaged 35.6 points in three games since his return from dental surgery, and after watching his alma mater Marquette play the night before, he seemed primed to have another big game on the same court where he led the Golden Eagles. But the Bucks, who had a season-long, three-day break between games, stepped up after Miami erased a double-digit deficit with a 17-5 run just before taking a 56-53 lead at halftime. Game notes  Redd scored 13 points in the first quarter. ... Milwaukee is 4-10 against the Eastern Conference. ... Villanueva, bothered by tendinitis in his right shoulder, played 21 minutes. ... The Heat are 7-2 with a starting five of  Udonis Haslem ,  Jason Williams , Wright, Mourning and Wade. 