SALT LAKE CITY (AP) --  Derek Fisher  made an immediate difference
for the  Utah Jazz . Fisher had 13 points, six assists and one crucial steal down the
stretch of his Utah debut to help the Jazz beat the  Houston Rockets 
107-97 Wednesday night in the season opener for both teams. After Utah's 20-point lead dwindled to five, Fisher took over
and showed why the Jazz traded for him this summer. "We're not going to be able to depend on one or two guys to
carry us through the whole season," Fisher said. "We have to play
as a team, to think as a team and we did that for the most part
tonight." Fisher's finish and double-doubles by  Carlos Boozer  and Deron
Williams helped the Jazz to their fourth straight season-opening
victory. Boozer had 24 points and 19 rebounds and Williams finished
with 18 points and 10 assists, joining the 10-year veteran Fisher
in the backcourt. Fisher hit a baseline jumper, made a sneaky steal and then beat
a double-team with a pass to Williams for an easy layup as the Jazz
scored eight straight points in the final 2:30. Fisher missed most of the preseason with a bruised tailbone
after landing on it in a preseason game at Indiana on Oct. 14. "He hasn't practiced with us very much, but he's in great shape
and ready to step out there and play," coach Jerry Sloan said.
"Fortunately, time worked out to where we could play him down the
stretch and he was able to make some great plays for us." Mehmet Okur  scored 17 points and Ronnie Brewer, Utah's
first-round draft pick last summer, had nine in his NBA debut. "As long as we ran our offense, we got decent shots," Sloan
said. "I thought everybody was alive. Everybody was really playing
hard to try to do the right thing." Tracy McGrady  led the Rockets with 25 points.  Yao Ming  added 22
points and nine rebounds,  Rafer Alston  scored 15,  Kirk Snyder 
scored 13 and  Shane Battier  had 11 as all of Houston's starters
scored in double figures. The Rockets' reserves, however, combined for just 11 points and
Houston had just 36 rebounds to Utah's 47. "This was a game for us to see where we were and obviously we
weren't ready for this," McGrady said. "Loose balls, on the
ground ... They did whatever it took to win this ballgame and
that's why they won." Williams, the third overall draft pick in 2005, and Fisher led
Utah's most potent offense in years. The Jazz beat Houston for some
easy layups, but also shot well from the outside while winning
their season opener for the fourth straight year. Fisher was acquired from Golden State in a trade last summer and
got a warm welcome from the Jazz fans when he came off the bench in
the first quarter. At the end, he had the home fans roaring with
some hustling plays and clutch shooting after the Jazz let the
Rockets back into it. Alston hit a 3-pointer to cap an 11-2 run that got the Rockets
within 99-94 with 3:32 left in the game. But the Jazz didn't allow
the Rockets to score again until Battier's 3-pointer with 18
seconds left, well after Utah had sealed it with eight straight
points. "We tried to play as an offensive team tonight versus a
well-balanced team," Rockets coach Jeff Van Gundy said.
"Well-balanced teams win." Okur hit a 20-foot jumper, then Williams hit a jumper in the
lane to put Utah up 103-94. McGrady was short on a jump shot and
the Jazz got the rebound. Fisher handled the ball this time and his
baseline jumper with 1:12 left put the Jazz ahead 105-94 and had
the home fans roaring when Houston called a timeout. The Rockets went right to Yao after the timeout, but Fisher
sneaked in and stripped the ball, gathered it while sitting between
Yao's legs and quickly called time. Houston double-teamed Fisher
after the inbounds play and Fisher split the defenders with a pass
to Williams for a layup that put the Jazz up 107-94. "They were closing in on us and we had to do things to get them
off of us," Williams said. "Fisher came up with some big steals
and that's what he does -- he's a heady guy and knows how to play
the game." Game notes Utah's  C.J. Miles  scored 12 points in his first career
start. ... Brewer made a steal early in the fourth quarter and took
it in for a thundering dunk that knocked out the shot clock and put
the Jazz ahead 89-72. ... Brewer also had a one-handed dunk off an
alley-oop pass from Williams in the first half. ... The Rockets
made 10 of 22 3-pointers. ... Alston scored all of his points in
the second half. 