SEATTLE (AP) -- With  Ray Allen  sidelined, some struggling
SuperSonics players took the opportunity to be more assertive and
rediscover their own game. Rashard Lewis  led Seattle with 29 points, but it was the
contributions from the likes of  Chris Wilcox ,  Damien Wilkins  and
 Earl Watson  that were most critical in the Sonics 102-87 win over
Atlanta on Tuesday night. Elias Says Joe Johnson scored 34 points in the Hawks' 102-87 loss at Seattle, the fifth straight game he has scored at least 30. That's the longest streak by an Atlanta player since Dominique Wilkins in March, 1993.
   For more Elias Says,  Click here While Allen sat on the sidelines in a gray suit, resting a
strained tendon in his right foot, Seattle's role players picked up
the slack. Six Sonics finished in double figures and Seattle won
consecutive home games for the first time this season. "Obviously we knew Ray was going to be out and that's 25 points
going down the drain," Lewis said. "We had to come up with it
from somewhere else. I wasn't too worried because I knew guys were
ready to prove they deserved to be in the rotation." Lewis gladly carried the load, scoring 18 in the first half and
making 10 of 16 shots for the game. But he also set the tone with
his hustle and defense, grabbing eight rebounds and blocking four
shots. Lewis' teammates fed off his play. Wilcox established himself on
the interior and scored 18 points with nine rebounds, his best
scoring since dropping a season-high 22 against New Jersey on Nov.
13. Wilkins, starting in place of Allen, did his best to slow
Atlanta's  Joe Johnson  and added 10 points and eight rebounds of his
own. And Watson provided a spark of the bench with 10 points,
hitting 5 of 8 shots, his best shooting game in a month. Nick Collison  also finished in double figures with 11 points and
nine rebounds. Seattle outrebounded Atlanta 44-28 in picking up its
seventh straight win over the Hawks. "I didn't want to go in there and put pressure on myself and be
Ray Allen. I can't do that," Wilkins said. "I just wanted to
bring my energy defensively." Johnson led the Hawks with 34 points and is averaging 33 over
his last five games. Johnson made 14 of 29 shots but got very
little help.  Josh Smith  added 11 points and  Zaza Pachulia  scored
10, and were the only other Hawks' in double figures. Atlanta shot
just 38.6 percent. "We lost focus once we found out (Allen) was out," Johnson
said. "For whatever reason we came out too relaxed and they came
out and got into a great spot." Seattle never trailed and Atlanta made only one run at the
Sonics. Trailing by 15 early in the second half, the Hawks trimmed
the deficit to 69-63 on Smith's layup with 2:49 left in the third
quarter. Seattle responded by scoring the last eight points of the third
quarter, highlighted by center  Johan Petro 's fast-break layup,
dribbling half of the court. The drive was part of an 12-3 run that
carried into the opening moments of the fourth and extended
Seattle's lead back to 15. The Sonics had a season-high 24 turnovers, but Atlanta couldn't
get within nine in the final quarter. "We were awful tonight. We were terrible defensively. We had no
defensive presence," Atlanta coach Mike Woodson said. "Every time
we got stops, they got offensive putbacks. I mean, it's a joke." Allen said he first noticed the pain in his foot before
Saturday's game at Utah but he opted to play in the Sonics' 109-107
loss. He didn't practice Monday in hopes of playing against
Atlanta, but after going through his normal pregame routine,
decided against suiting up. Allen is scheduled to have an MRI exam on Wednesday. Atlanta played without guard  Speedy Claxton , who rested his sore
knees. Claxton played 28 minutes on Sunday in Portland, the first
of a five-game road trip for the Hawks. Game notes Zurab Nogaideli, the Prime Minister of the Republic of
Georgia was in attendance. Atlanta's Pachulia is from the Republic
of Georgia. ... Atlanta's last win over Seattle was Nov. 9, 2003.
... Seattle G  Desmon Farmer  scored his first basket of the season,
hitting a jumper in the final minute. 