WASHINGTON (AP) --  Gilbert Arenas  and the  Washington Wizards  love
the sort of game they played Wednesday night against  Carmelo Anthony  and the  Denver Nuggets . 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Arenas Gilbert Arenas led the Wizards with 34 points in their victory over the Nuggets. That was an average night for Arenas in Washington, where he's averaging 34.4 points per game this season, the most for any NBA player on his home court. But the 13.3-point difference between Arenas's scoring averages at home and on the road (21.1) is the largest for any player in the league. For more Elias Says,  click here 
 
 
 End-to-end. Fast breaks. Score and score and score some more. Anthony prevailed 37-34 over Arenas in the individual matchup,
but the rest of the Wizards gave their star a lot more help, and
Washington beat Denver 120-91 for its fourth victory in five games. "We beat them at their own game tonight. We attacked," said
Arenas, one of six Wizards in double figures. "They want to hurry
up and get back on offense so bad." And nothing gets the Wizards going like a chance to run the
floor against another high-scoring team. Washington's  Caron Butler  had a season-high 26 points, plus nine
rebounds and seven assists, while  Antawn Jamison  added 19 points
and  Brendan Haywood  contributed 12 points and 13 rebounds in his
first start of the season. "Yeah, we got embarrassed tonight. I can say that: We got
embarrassed," said Anthony, No. 2 in the NBA in scoring, four
spots ahead of Arenas. "The Wizards were able to do whatever they
wanted to out there. They had every shot that they wanted: jump
shots, layups. There wasn't really nothing that we could do
tonight." Washington improved to 8-3 at home; it's 2-8 on the road. The
Wizards might have benefited from having had three days off since
their previous game, while the Nuggets were playing for a second
consecutive night on the road. "We were itching to play, man," Washington coach Eddie Jordan
said. "We knew we had to attack them in the open floor, and that's
what we did." The Nuggets overcame an 11-point halftime deficit to beat
Atlanta on Tuesday, and they scored the first six points of the
third quarter against Washington to trim a 12-point hole in half. After Anthony made a jumper over Butler from the wing to make it
69-64 with 7  minutes left in the third quarter, though, the
Nuggets' star was whistled for a technical foul. Butler made the
free throw to open an 8-2 Washington run, and Denver never got
closer than nine points again. That basket gave Anthony 30 points, the league-leading 14th time
he's hit that mark this season. But while he shot 16-for-27 from the field, Denver's other four
starters combined for that many field-goal attempts. "That's our coach's job. If he's taking the majority of the
shots, who else is there to shoot the ball? There's no shots to go
around, so Coach has to do a great job of figuring that out. That's
a tough situation that he's in," said  Marcus Camby , who went
6-for-7 for 12 points. "Carmelo is a great scorer. We all know
he's our go-to guy but we have to spread the wealth around to keep
guys happy." Anthony and Arenas put on quite a show for stretches. Arenas
would hit a jumper, then a few ticks of the clock later, Anthony
would do the same at the other end. Arenas finished 10-for-21 from the field and 11-for-12 from the
line. Neither he nor Anthony played in the final 4  minutes,
because the Wizards had put the game away. The tone was set in the first quarter, when the Wizards went up
by 15 and finished it ahead 39-26 -- the hosts' highest-scoring
opening period and largest lead after one quarter this season. "I think 'Melo is having a fantastic year, but I think the
starters, including 'Melo, have got to take more responsibility at
the defensive end of the court," Nuggets coach George Karl said.
"I love to run. I love to score a lot of points. But there is two
ends of the court you've got to play." Game notes With C  Etan Thomas  out with a sprained left ankle, it was
the first game this season that Washington didn't have its five
regular starters. Now the  Minnesota Timberwolves  are the only NBA
team that's used the same lineup to begin each game. ... Haywood
was the starting center last season, but Thomas beat him out for
the job this preseason. "You've got to make the most of your
opportunity. It only knocks once. That's what they tell me,"
Haywood said. ... Actor James Earl Jones recited the pregame
national anthem. ... Nuggets F  Joe Smith  (sprained right ankle)
missed his seventh consecutive game. 