MIAMI (AP) -- Tooth pain couldn't hold  Dwyane Wade  down Monday night. Wade tied his season high with 37 points to lead the Heat to a 99-77 victory over the  Toronto Raptors . Plagued by tooth discomfort during the Heat's recently concluded four-game road trip, Wade hit 13-of-21 shots from the field against Toronto. He also had individual runs of 11 and 10 points for the Heat. "Anybody who has been through this knows the pain I feel," said Wade, who has visited the dentist three times in the past week and will seek another consultation on Tuesday. "It's tough enough to bring a grown man to his knees." Wade also finished 11-of-13 from the free-throw line. "I'm in a lot of pain right now," Wade said. "There's no treatment. I just have to sleep it off." The Raptors have lost four straight. Toronto finished 4-of-21 from 3-point range and only attempted five three throws, converting three. "Every day is a challenge but we have to come out and meet the challenge, including myself," said  T.J. Ford , who had with 10 points. Anthony Parker  scored 18 points to lead the Raptors. The Raptors took a 25-24 lead at the start of the second quarter on a  Morris Peterson  field goal. But Miami used a 18-2 run to take a 42-27 advantage it would not relinquish.  James Posey  keyed the run with five points. Posey finished with 12 points.  Alonzo Mourning  also scored 12 for Miami. "It is probably as a complete of a game we've had all year," Heat coach Pat Riley said. "We got a good win and Dwyane had a great night." It was Miami's fourth victory in 10 home games this season. "We just need to get back playing well at home," Mourning said. "This month, we have the majority of our games at home. That will give us the opportunity to get back over .500." The Raptors played their second straight game without leading scorer  Chris Bosh , who sat out because of a bone bruise to his left knee. "It's tough, Chris puts a lot of pressure on the opposing team's defense," Ford said. Wade scored 11 straight Heat points late in the second period as Miami finished the half with a 58-38 lead. "I don't take him for granted at all," Riley said. "He is very unique at getting to the basket and how he finishes. When defenses have him cornered, he finds a gap and gets through there." Parker and Ford each scored six points during a 20-7 run in the first 6:04 of the third quarter.  Joey Graham 's field goal put the Raptors within 65-58. But Wade scored six points in a Miami 8-0 run to increase the lead to 73-58 late in the third quarter. "We didn't get to the free-throw line," Raptors coach  Sam Mitchell  said. "Five free-throw shots make it tough." Wade left late in the fourth quarter after scoring 10 consecutive points to increase Miami's lead to 97-77. His previous 37-point performances were against Denver on Nov. 14 and Atlanta on Nov. 18. The Raptors have not won since defeating New York 103-100 on Dec. 2 and will seek to break their losing skid Wednesday at Orlando. "We are going to have to play with some toughness," Peterson said. "We can't feel sorry for ourselves. Nobody is going to get us out of this except for us." Game notes  The Heat scored 58 first-half points, a season high for them. ... An irate Ford had to be restrained by teammates after being called for a traveling violation late in the second period. Ford protested referee Dick Bavetta's call, insisting he had been fouled by the Heat's  Jason Williams  on a drive to the basket. 