OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) --  Monta Ellis  greeted the swarm at his
locker with a friendly "Hello, folks" and teammate  Andris Biedrins  hollered across the locker room "Monta big time!" Life sure is good for Golden State's 21-year-old phenom these
days. When  Baron Davis  took a blow to the ribs and then a seat on the
bench, Ellis took over. The second-year pro scored a career-high 31 points, matched his
career high with seven assists and also grabbed seven rebounds,
leading the Warriors to their sixth straight home win, a 107-95
victory over the  Seattle SuperSonics  on Saturday night. "That's really part of my job," Ellis said. "I'm a point
guard. It's the role I have to play. It's just like old times.
That's how I took it ... high school." Yes, Ellis was in high school only last year. Trading baskets
with All-Star  Ray Allen ? No problem. Perhaps Davis isn't the Warriors only player who can dominate a
game. "I think he can be. He doesn't realize how good he is,"
Biedrins said. "Lucky guy, from high school." Allen had a season-high 34 points and 11 rebounds for Seattle,
which lost its third straight and had a three-game road winning
streak snapped. Allen pulled the Sonics within 70-65 on a
three-point play with 3:22 remaining in the third, but they didn't
come closer than that. Mickael Pietrus  had 19 points and a career-best 12 rebounds in
the Warriors' fifth consecutive victory overall. Golden State has
won six straight at home for the first time since a seven-game
winning streak from March 15-April 6, 2004. Davis, coming off a season-high 36-point, career-best 18-assist
performance Thursday night in a 117-105 win against the Sacramento
Kings, was banged in the ribs in the second quarter. He sat out all
but 15 seconds in the second period, then briefly tried to play in
the third before taking a seat for the rest of the game. He was held to eight points on 4-of-6 shooting and saw his
stretch of six straight 20-point games end, his longest such run
since seven consecutive contests with 20 or more points from March
10-21, 2004. Davis scored 35 points against the Sonics in their
last meeting, on Feb. 1. Rashard Lewis  added 17 points and seven boards for Seattle and
 Luke Ridnour  14 points and five assists. "There are always good things to pull from, but defensively we
need to go out and get stops," Allen said. Jason Richardson  made a pretty reverse, two-handed slam dunk in
the first half and finished with 18 points for the confident
Warriors, who are in the midst of a season-high, seven-game
homestand. Golden State is desperate to end an NBA-worst 12-year
playoff drought with coach Don Nelson in charge. "You have to stop them and play defense in spurts at least and
continue to score, or they are going to be tough to beat," Sonics
coach Bob Hill said. The Warriors came in having averaged 114.8 points and 51.7
percent from the field over their previous four games -- and Ellis,
who just turned 21 last month, is a big reason for the scoring
success. "He was hitting big shots. He was tough to guard," Ridnour
said. "We kept fighting back but they made plays at the end." Ellis continues to be a reliable option and make a huge impact
at a young age. A member of the final class of high school players
allowed in the NBA draft last year, Ellis is the only Warriors
player to score in double figures in every game. He scored
back-to-back baskets in the closing minutes Saturday after Allen
pulled Seattle to 90-84. Ellis received a warm ovation from the crowd of 17,205 when he
left the game with 12.8 seconds to go. "Well, we needed some help and Monta was the man who stepped
up," Nelson said. "Monta was the guy." Golden State played without forward  Troy Murphy  because of a
left calf injury related to soreness he already was nursing in his
Achilles' tendon. He is scheduled to practice Sunday with the
intent he would play in Monday night's home game against the
 Phoenix Suns . The Warriors came out cold from the floor, starting the game
1-for-7, but regrouped to build a 55-42 halftime lead. Game notes Pietrus visited the Sonics' locker room postgame to get
some shoes autographed by Allen. ... Allen's second basket of the
game in the first quarter moved him past former Sonic Detlef
Schrempf and into sole possession of 80th place on the NBA's
all-time scoring list. ... The Sonics attempted more free throws
than their opponent (25-24) for only the fourth time in 11 games
this season. They shot 56 percent (14-for-25) from the line after
having topped 80 percent on free throws in nine of their first 10
games. ... The Warriors have won their last three meetings at home
with the Sonics. 