SAN ANTONIO (AP) -- The  Chicago Bulls  are glad to be done with
Texas. Tim Duncan  had 21 points and 11 rebounds to lead the San Antonio
Spurs to a 100-83 victory over Chicago on Friday night, the Bulls'
third loss in four nights in the Lone Star state. Chicago opened its swing with a loss at Dallas, then fell at
Houston on Thursday. "They're on that run where they play all three Texas teams and
they were in a back-to-back situation," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich
said. "They just ran out of juice. It was fortunate for us." The Spurs (7-2) have won six of their last seven, while the
Bulls (3-6) have dropped four of five. It could have been worse for the Bulls. After leading the team
with 21 points in 25 minutes,  Ben Gordon  came out of the game with
3:13 to go after slipping and injuring his left wrist when he tried
to break his fall while driving to the basket against the Spurs'
 Bruce Bowen . "They think it's a sprain," Gordon said after viewing X-rays
with physicians. He also said he does not expect to miss any time
with the injury. The Bulls are off until Sunday, when they play the Lakers in Los
Angeles. Gordon's slip was just a hint of how sloppy the game was. The
teams combined for 47 turnovers. San Antonio actually turned the ball over more, 24-23. But the
Spurs shot 51 percent from the floor and hit six more 3-point
shots. Brent Barry  added 14 points for the Spurs and  Tony Parker  had 13
points and eight assists. Reserve  Beno Udrih  had a career-high nine
assists, part of San Antonio's 30 as a team. "Our defense was very suspect tonight," Bulls coach Scott
Skiles said. "We let Parker and Udrih penetrate at will." The Bulls shot 46 percent from the floor, but were 12-of-21 from
the free throw line. Duncan benefited most from Parker and Udrih. He was 10-of-15
from the floor. "Still, we had a lot of turnovers," Duncan said. "But, all in
all, defensively we were solid and we put a pretty good game
together." The Spurs had their largest lead of 19 points with 6:41 left to
play. The Bulls erased a six-point Spurs lead with less than a minute
remaining in the first quarter with three straight baskets by
Gordon, including a 3-pointer, in 41 seconds. His 11-footer less
than a minute into the second quarter gave Chicago a 29-28 lead. But that's when the Bulls started turning the ball over with
regularity, committing 12 turnovers in the second quarter. After edging into the lead by one point, Chicago gave the ball
up four times during the next three minutes and fell behind 39-31. The Bulls had a chance to cut the lead to three points with less
than three minutes before halftime. But they committed four
turnovers before the break and fell behind again by eight points. < 
^Notes:@The game began with a flurry of missed shots from Argentine
players -- the Bulls'  Andres Nocioni  started 0-for-3, the Spurs'
 Manu Ginobili  was 0-for-2 and  Fabricio Oberto  0-for-1 before any
other player missed. ... Nocioni went 0-for-9 until hitting a
jumper with 5:47 left in the game. ... Parker, who was assessed a
technical foul Wednesday against Charlotte for arguing a call, got
a brief scolding from Popovich when he began arguing a call in the
first quarter with referee Bill Kennedy. 