DALLAS (AP) -- Now that  Lamar Odom  is hurt,  Kobe Bryant  is going
to need some help -- a lot more than he got Wednesday night. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 The Lakers began their temporary life without Lamar Odom with a loss to the Mavericks. Since Odom joined the Lakers for the 2004-05 season, Los Angeles has a .522 winning percentage in the games that he's played (91-74) compared to a .143 mark in the games that Odom has missed (3-18). For more Elias Says,  click here 
 
 
 In their first game without Odom since he emerged as a perfect
complement to Bryant, the  Los Angeles Lakers  overcame a rough start
to make a late run at the  Dallas Mavericks , but it wasn't enough to
avoid a 110-101 loss. "It was a challenge for us," Bryant said. "We missed him
big-time tonight." Odom sprained his right knee Tuesday night in a win over
Houston. He was ruled out for at least a month after visiting with
the team orthopedist in California on Wednesday. Odom had been the
team's top rebounder and the next-best scorer after Bryant, and a
big reason why Los Angeles had won three straight and six of seven. Hoping someone else would step up to fill that void, Bryant
scored only five points on 2-of-6 shooting in the first half. After
no one did, Bryant decided he "needed to get us rolling and
kick-start us a little bit," so he took over in the third, scoring
17 points to help the Lakers tie it. They never got ahead, though, and wilted after  Josh Howard 
powered Dallas' 12-2 run midway through the fourth quarter. Howard led Dallas with 29 points and  Dirk Nowitzki  just missed
his first career triple-double. He had 23 points, a season-high 14
rebounds and tied his career high with eight assists; the watch was
on after he posted 11 points, five rebounds and five assists in the
first quarter. "We played a good second half and battled back, but they made a
big run at us at the right time," Bryant said. "Without (Odom),
we weren't able to match up on Nowitzki." Bryant led the Lakers in points (33) and assists (four) and tied
for the rebound lead (seven). There was a big drop-off after that. Luke Walton  had 13 points and seven rebounds for the Lakers,
while  Smush Parker  and  Jordan Farmar  each scored 12. Vladimir
Radmanovic, who started in Odom's place, had 11. The Lakers' defense suffered, too. They gave up their most
points in 10 games, while watching Dallas shoot a season-high 60
percent (39-of-65). The loss also dropped Los Angeles a half-game
behind Phoenix for the lead in the Pacific Division. "Last night we played most of the game without him and played
pretty well. But tonight was different," Walton said. "They made
big plays and we made boneheaded plays. You can't do that against a
good team like Dallas. Tonight our defense got away from us. We've
got to learn from this and let it go." Howard fell one point shy of the career high he matched two
games ago. He scored 12 points in the first quarter and had five
more during the game-sealing run in the fourth quarter.  Jason Terry 
had 26 points and nine assists 26 points and  Devin Harris  scored 14
points. The Mavericks were coming off a 22-point loss in Utah, their
third defeat in five games since winning 12 straight. They got back to the strong start that powered their streak,
hitting nine of their first 11 shots. "We came out tonight very focused," Terry said. "They played
last night, so we felt if we could extend them to the fourth
quarter and put together some runs that we could put them away." Bryant made his first five shots in the third quarter, hitting a
four-point play along the way. He tied it at 74 with a 3-pointer
over former teammate  Devean George , then his first miss came on a
potential go-ahead 3. Los Angeles tied it again at 83 on the first basket of the
fourth quarter, but Dallas answered with its closing kick. "We just kept scrapping," George said. "We just kept getting
after it and the ball started bouncing our way." Nowitzki was 5-for-5 in the first quarter and made his first
shot in the second quarter, too. Yet he didn't make another field
goal until the fourth quarter. He finished 8-of-14. Game notes Bennett Salvatore worked his first Mavs game this season.
He was the official at the center of the controversies surrounding
Dallas' overtime loss to Miami in Game 5 of the finals last season.
... Bryant's five first-half points came on 25 touches, according
to Dallas statisticians. He scored 17 points on 18 third-quarter
touches. ... The Mavericks had 10 assists in the first quarter
after only eight the previous game. ... The Mavs lost backup point
guard  Anthony Johnson  to a sprained right ankle early in the second
quarter. He didn't return. An MRI was scheduled for Thursday. 