AUBURN HILLS, Mich. (AP) -- The  Detroit Pistons  knew they had a chance at an easy win Saturday night. For once, they were able to take it. Elias Says Seven Pistons had at least two blocked shots in their game on Saturday.  It was only the second time since the NBA starting recording blocked shots in 1973-74 that a team had as many as seven different players block two (or more) shots in the same game.  The only other such game was also by the Pistons, but that was in a double-overtime game against Atlanta on Oct. 18, 1980.    For more Elias Says,  Click here Nazr Mohammed  had 19 points and 10 rebounds, and the Pistons blocked a season-high 16 shots in a 108-81 victory over the undermanned  Atlanta Hawks . "For the first time this season, we were able to just come out and do what we needed to do,"  Chauncey Billups  said. "We just took control and never looked back. We should have a lot more games like that." Atlanta was missing five players due to injury, including four of its six leading scorers. The Hawks only dressed 10 players, two short of the maximum, and lost their fourth in a row. "It's tough when you are missing three starters and another two guys that are averaging 28 points off the bench," Atlanta coach Mike Woodson said. "We played pretty solid in the first half, but they wore us down in the second half." With  Ben Wallace  in Chicago, the Pistons struggled with interior defense early in the season, but they no longer look like the team that allowed the Bucks 70 points in the paint in their first game of the season. "After that Milwaukee game, we really put an emphasis on protecting the basket," Pistons coach Flip Saunders said. "It's become a point of pride that we contest everything." Mohammed got his first double-double as a Piston to help Detroit get its fourth straight win.  Richard Hamilton  and  Tayshaun Prince  each scored 16, despite only playing 25 minutes apiece, and seven players blocked at least two shots. "This is a different scenario than what you saw at the beginning of the season," Prince said. "We had to get adjusted to the players we had this season, but now we're doing a good job inside." Atlanta's  Joe Johnson , who came into the game averaging 28.4 points, had a season-low 12 on 6-for-16 shooting.  Marvin Williams  led the Hawks with 19. "Detroit's one of the best teams in the league, and when they get you down, they know how to keep you down," Williams said. "We've been bitten by the injury bug this whole year, but we still had five guys out there and five more on the bench. We could have competed a little better than we did tonight." The Hawks pulled down 14 offensive rebounds in the first half, but still managed only 37 points. Detroit got 10 points from Mohammed and held a nine-point edge at the intermission. The Pistons began to pull away early in the third quarter, thanks to a 22-7 run. Mohammed had eight points in the surge, which gave Detroit a 69-47 lead. Jason Maxiell  put the game completely out of hand with a four-point possession midway through the fourth. He was flagrantly fouled by  Lorenzen Wright , made both free throws, then scored off Detroit's inbounds pass. He could have added a fifth point, as he was fouled on the shot, but missed the free throw. "Max is playing so hard and contesting every shot," Billups said. "He plays with so much intensity that it brings up the intensity for everyone else." Game notes  Johnson had scored at least 16 points in all 21 games he had played this season. ... Pistons rookie  Will Blalock  hit the first field goal of his career early in the second quarter. Blalock had been 0-for-6 in 37 minutes over four games. ... Atlanta's injured players --  Josh Smith  (hernia),  Josh Childress  (foot),  Speedy Claxton  (back),  Tyronn Lue  (groin) and  Zaza Pachulia  (elbow) are averaging a total of 59.7 points, 62 percent of the Hawks' offense this season. Smith, Pachulia and Claxton were all injured in Friday's loss to Indiana. 