PHOENIX (AP) --  Leandro Barbosa  is known as "The Brazilian
Blur" because of his dazzling speed. On Tuesday night, the  Portland Trail Blazers  got a taste of what
Barbosa can accomplish when he gets running up and down the court. Barbosa scored 20 points during a 6:21 span bridging the third
and fourth quarters, and the  Phoenix Suns  beat the Trail Blazers
110-87 for their 16th win in 17 tries. He didn't start well, missing five of his first six shots, then
connected on eight straight and finished with 22 points. "It was hard for me in the beginning, because we had ice under
the court," Barbosa said. "Then I was just running up and down. I
saw some space for me to get to the basket and I did." Shawn Marion  led the Suns with 23 points and eight rebounds,
 Raja Bell  added 18 points,  Jumaine Jones  scored a season-high 13
and  Amare Stoudemire  had 12. Zach Randolph  topped the Trail Blazers with 18 points and 14
rebounds.  Jarrett Jack  also scored 18 and  Juan Dixon  had 13. The loss was the second straight for Portland after five
consecutive victories. Barbosa began his surge on a three-point play with 3:19
remaining in the third period and finished it with 3:02 gone in the
fourth quarter on another three-point play as he continually knifed
his way through the porous Portland defense. "Watching LB was fun," said the Suns'  Steve Nash , who has
tutored Barbosa. "He made some spectacular plays. He's so fast." Coach Mike D'Antoni also was impressed with the way Barbosa ran
the court. "He had a little stretch there," D'Antoni said. "He brought
out his whole repertoire and he showed how fast he is." Marion also enjoyed Barbosa's spree, a stretch when the
fleet-footed guard scored 21 of Phoenix's 27 points. "We were just laughing," Marion said. "We couldn't believe it
ourselves." Randolph was disappointed that the Trail Blazers got trapped
into playing the Suns' style, mostly in the second half. "They played Phoenix basketball and that's pushing the ball off
the missed shots from the outside and they run it up your back and
that's what they did," he said. Portland coach Nate McMillan agreed with Randolph. "They showed why a lot of people expect them to win a
championship some day," McMillan said. "They are a strong team, a
very difficult team to match up with their ability to spread the
floor and they're very quick." In an uncharacteristically slow-paced and defense-minded first
half for the Suns, they opened a 49-32 lead, with the help of 13
points by Marion, 12 by Bell and 10 by Stoudemire. The 32 points
were the fewest allowed by the Suns this season, as were the 14
they permitted after the first quarter, when they led by 11. Phoenix's biggest advantage in the opening 24 minutes was 21
points (49-28), before Jack closed the second period with two
baskets, one on a goaltending call. In the half, the Blazers shot a
paltry 37 percent (16-for-43), compared to Phoenix's 50 percent
(21-for-42). The pace picked up in the third quarter, as Barbosa tormented
the Blazers' defense with his quick forays to the basket. Barbosa
scored nine of Phoenix's last 13 points in the period and fed
Marion for a soaring dunk off a fast break. Randolph kept Portland
within striking distance with 10 points, but the Suns still led
76-57 at the end of the period. Game notes The Dec. 20 postponed game between the Suns and Denver
Nuggets at Denver has been rescheduled for Feb. 5. ... McMillan and
D'Antoni were assistants on the USA team that won a bronze medal at
the 2006 world championships in Japan. ... The Suns' victory was
their 100th (against 82 losses) in the series between the teams and
their eighth in the past nine games against Portland. ... Sean
Marks made his season debut for Phoenix in the fourth period and
scored two points. 