OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) -- The tattoo on  Matt Barnes ' shoulder reads
"Sac Town's Finest," and the Golden State forward certainly was
better than anything his hometown team had to offer. Barnes set career highs with 32 points and 11 rebounds, and
 Andris Biedrins  added 20 points and 14 rebounds in the
sharp-shooting Warriors' 126-113 victory over the  Sacramento Kings 
on Tuesday night.
 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Biedrins The Warriors jumped out to an early lead over the Kings and ran to a 126-113 victory in Oakland.  And while Matt Barnes had career highs of 32 points and 11 rebounds, the Elias Says Player Of The Night has to be Andris Biedrins.
 
Biedrins scored 20 points and had 14 rebounds, shooting 7-for-7 from the floor and 6-for-6 from the foul line.  No player in NBA history had ever had a game in which he had as many points and as many rebounds, with perfect shooting from both the floor and the line (minimums: five field-goal attempts and five free-throw attempts).
 
 For more Elias Says,  Click here .
 
 
 With  Jason Richardson  and  Troy Murphy  sidelined by injuries,
Golden State reduced its game to basics: A six-man rotation, Baron
Davis' playmaking and an outstanding performance by Barnes, who
briefly played for the Kings before being included in Chris
Webber's trade to Philadelphia. Barnes beat stiff odds to make the Warriors' roster this fall,
then played his way into coach Don Nelson's confidence. That hard
work culminated in the best game of his career, including six of
the Warriors' 15 3-pointers. "That felt good, especially doing it against Sacramento," said
Barnes, whose 3-pointers also were his career high. "It's always
fun to play against guys that I know, and that I work out with in
the summer." Davis had 14 points and 13 assists for the Warriors, who won for
just the second time in seven games by consistently outhustling
their Northern California rivals, then backing it up with
53-percent shooting. The clubs met Nov. 16 in Oakland, with Golden State winning
117-102 behind Davis' 36 points and 18 assists. Sacramento again
had trouble stopping Davis' dribble penetration in the rematch, and
his Golden State teammates added plenty of perimeter scoring. Richardson missed his fifth straight game with bruises on his
surgically repaired left knee, while Murphy sat out with soreness
in his left foot. So Nelson didn't make a substitution in the first
quarter, and gave significant minutes only to his five starters and
 Mike Dunleavy . "We had six guys in double figures, and we needed it," Nelson
said. "I'm very happy for Matt Barnes. He played an all-around
game, but the 3 has really made him something special." Mickael Pietrus  scored 21 points with four 3-pointers, and Monta
Ellis added 16 points with three 3-pointers. Dunleavy had 20
points, six rebounds and seven assists for the Warriors, who host
Houston on Thursday night before a six-game East Coast trip. "We've been struggling, and we've got to get hot before we go
out of town," Barnes said. Barnes surpassed his previous career high on a 3-pointer with
8:19 to play as Golden State rebuffed the final second-half run by
the Kings, who lost for the sixth time in seven games. Kevin Martin  scored 32 points and  Ron Artest  had 22 for the
Kings, who lost their fourth straight road game. Golden State tied
Sacramento's franchise record for 3s allowed in a game. "My goodness," Artest said when he saw Barnes' point total.
"I guess that's something I need to work on, guarding  Baron Davis 
and Matt Barnes at the same time." Still, Artest remains positive despite the Kings' slump with
upcoming games against Utah, Phoenix and Dallas. Mike Bibby  finished with 16 points and  John Salmons  had 18
points and 10 assists as the Kings had a season-high 26 assists,
but shot poorly and failed to stop Golden State's active offense. Bibby, who seemed displeased when his name came up in rumors
about the Kings' interest in trading for  Allen Iverson , missed nine
of his first 10 shots before hitting a 3-pointer late in the third
quarter during an 11-2 run that trimmed Golden State's lead to
seven points. "Obviously, we're not playing very good defensively,
collectively and individually," coach Eric Musselman said. "There
is a concern." Game notes Biedrins, a notoriously poor free-throw shooter, went
6-for-6. He also went 7-for-7 from the field. ... The Kings haven't
led in the first quarter of any road game this season. ... The
Warriors visit Arco Arena on Dec. 30, and then the clubs don't meet
again until the final days of the regular season. ... Kings G Jason
Hart fouled out in just 13 minutes of action. 