MILWAUKEE (AP) --  Andre Iguodala  and the short-handed 76ers outplayed the  Milwaukee Bucks  for almost 47 minutes. Veterans  Michael Redd  and  Ruben Patterson  stopped that just in time. Redd scored 11 of his 32 points in the fourth quarter and the Bucks overcame Iguodala's triple-double to beat Philadelphia 98-94 on Wednesday night. "We were all just tired and fed up from losing close games," Redd said. "We know we still have a monster hole to work out of at 4-8. It's nothing to be happy about, but hopefully this will give us a good vibe." Milwaukee looked out of sync most of the night, but snapped its three-game losing streak after taking its first lead with 1:14 left on two free throws by Redd that made it 95-93. With less than a minute to play, the teams traded free throws but Iguodala failed to score driving to the basket. Shavlik Randolph  appeared to be pushed underneath the hoop, but  Charlie Bell , who had 13 points, grabbed the loose ball. Redd hit 1-of-2 more from the line with 5.7 left to give the Bucks a 97-94 lead. Philadelphia ran a play for  Kyle Korver , but Patterson took the ball out of his hands and hit a free throw to seal it and extend the Sixers' losing streak to four games. "He had the ball low," said Patterson, who also scored 18 points. "I just reached down there and got the steal." The game was missing most of its star power. It was supposed to feature Redd (29.5) and  Allen Iverson  (28.7), the league's second and third-leading scorers. But Iverson (abscessed wisdom tooth) and fellow All-Star  Chris Webber  (sore back) didn't make the trip, while the Bucks went without starting point guard  Mo Williams  (elbow bruise). Iguodala stepped up with 18 points, 16 rebounds and 10 assists for his second career triple-double. "It just don't feel right," Iguodala said. "It's a tough loss." Willie Green , Iverson's replacement, added 24 points, tying a season high he set Tuesday night against Detroit. "It's kind of bittersweet not being able to come out with that win," he said. The Bucks got 14 points from  Andrew Bogut  and 11 from rookie  David Noel . "It was a game we needed to win and we've come up empty on a lot of close games," Bucks coach Terry Stotts said. "It's good to get a close one." Milwaukee, which squandered a nine-point lead with just over three minutes to play Tuesday night in Indiana, struggled most of the night to slow down the unlikely trio of Iguodala, Green and Korver, who finished with 19. "We controlled the game for the most part, obviously in the fourth quarter they made some shots down the stretch that allowed them to win," Sixers coach Maurice Cheeks said. It started with Redd, who began to pick up the pace late in the third quarter, and the Bucks finally began to play better defense leading to a 14-3 run to erase an 11-point deficit. The Sixers went 4-of-17 from the field in the fourth quarter. "We figured out we had to get stops down the stretch (and) got to the free throw line when we needed to," Redd said. "But the key was the stops. We got the stops when we needed to." Game notes  Philadelphia's  Rodney Carney  hurt his right hand in the third quarter and did not return. ... Iguodala's only other triple-double was in his rookie season, when he had 10 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists against Detroit on March 23, 2005. ... Green had 10 points for the first quarter, matching his season average. ... Randolph replaced Webber in the lineup. ... Sixers center  Steven Hunter  (right knee sprain) also didn't make the trip. 