LOS ANGELES (AP) --  Michael Redd  has blossomed into one of the NBA's prime-time players, though it wasn't always that way. It wasn't until the  Milwaukee Bucks  traded All-Star  Ray Allen  to Seattle that Redd had a chance to play regularly. "That was a big trade at the time because he was an established star, but they had enough confidence in me to put me into the starting lineup at the two-guard position," Redd said Tuesday night. "I learned so much from Ray and I tried to apply it so that when my chance came, I was ready. I'm still learning." Redd scored 45 points, 18 in the fourth quarter, to lead the Bucks to a 109-105 victory over the  Los Angeles Lakers . Mo Williams  added 22 points, helping Milwaukee snap a streak of 10 consecutive losses to the Lakers. Redd recorded two four-point plays for the Bucks, who shot 50.6 percent from the field. "It's not so much the points for me this year," he said. "I didn't come in with the mind-set to average 30. I came in with the mind-set to win games. I'm not really worried about stats. I'm just playing basketball. You play better when you're not worrying about stats and individual accolades." Redd, an All-Star three seasons ago, reached the 30-point mark for the seventh time this season and 49th time in his seven-year NBA career. He scored 57 points on Nov. 11 against Utah, the most by any player drafted after the first round since the NBA and ABA merger that followed the 1975-76 season. The Bucks tabbed Redd in the second round of the 2000 draft out of Ohio State. "I knew I was capable of being a first-round pick. It just didn't work out," he said. "But life is all about handling adversity. At least I was drafted. I came into training camp that first year, not guaranteed a spot on the team, and I worked my butt off and stayed positive." Kobe Bryant  scored 27 points for the Lakers, while  Lamar Odom  had 21 points, 13 rebounds and eight assists. The loss was only their third in the last 22 meetings with Milwaukee -- and just the fourth at home to the Bucks in 24 attempts since the start of the 1982-83 season. "We just didn't do a good job of executing," Bryant said after the Lakers set a franchise record with 37 3-point attempts and missed 26 of them. "Redd played extremely well. He made some difficult shots. They set good screens for him and he knocked them down." The Bucks took a 41-39 lead on a short jumper by  Dan Gadzuric  with 5:14 left in the first half. They didn't trail again until  Sasha Vujacic  -- the last player off the Lakers' bench -- intercepted  Andrew Bogut 's pass and converted the turnover into a breakaway layup to cap a 27-13 run and give Los Angeles a 78-77 edge with 55 seconds left in the third. Bryant went to the bench 14 seconds later with his fourth foul, and the Bucks capitalized with an 18-4 run that opened up a 95-82 lead with 7:34 to play. Redd scored Milwaukee's first 15 points of that rally. The backbreaker came with 9:32 left, when he converted a layup into a three-point play and sank another free throw after a technical foul called by referee Monty McCutcheon against Odom. Bryant returned to the floor with 8:46 remaining and scored eight points before Odom's layup narrowed the gap to 97-92 with 4:20 left. The Bucks built their margin back up to nine on Redd's fifth 3-pointer of the game, but the Lakers clawed back within 107-102 on rookie  Jordan Farmar 's 3-pointer with 49 seconds to go. Redd answered with a layup, and  Luke Walton  hit a 3 at the other end to slice Milwaukee's lead to 108-105 with 18 seconds left. Redd lost the ball on the ensuing inbounds play, but former Laker  Ruben Patterson  forced Bryant to miss a game-tying 3-point shot with 5 seconds on the clock -- turning into the Kobe-stopper he always claimed to be with Portland. "That's so much over with now," Patterson said with a laugh. "I was so young then, and that was the hype every time me and Kobe played against each other. He's a great player. He was hitting 3s in the fourth quarter like they were free throws, so we knew he was going to take that shot at the end. I was just trying to make him take a deep 3 and contest it. I played tough D on him and made him take a tough shot." Redd powered the Bucks to a 52-47 halftime lead with 20 points, including his first four-point play less than 4 1/2 minutes in. He drained a 3 directly across from the Milwaukee bench, and was awarded the free throw after Bryant made contact with him in an attempt to block the shot. Game notes  Bynum and Milwaukee F  Ersan Ilyasova  hold the distinction of being the youngest players ever to start a game for their respective clubs. Bynum was 19 years, 4 days old. Ilyasova was 19 years, 6 months and 3 days old. ... The Lakers' new team in the NBA's Development League, the Los Angeles D-Fenders, made its Staples Center debut before the regular game and beat the Bakersfield Jam 96-92. 