SAN ANTONIO (AP) -- Gregg Popovich politely asked the San Antonio
Spurs to turn up the defensive effort in the second half against
the  Minnesota Timberwolves  on Wednesday night. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 The Timberwolves led at San Antonio, 54-38, with a minute and a half left in the first half before the Spurs rallied for a 95-82 victory. It marked the second time this season, and the sixth time over the last season and a half, that Minnesota lost a game which it had led by at least 16 points. No other team in the NBA has suffered as many losses since the beginning of the 2005-06 season in games in which it enjoyed leads of that size. For more Elias Says,  click here 
 
 
 They listened to their coach, holding the Timberwolves to a
season-low 26 points over the final 24 minutes in a 95-82 victory. "I just asked the guys if it wasn't that much of a problem or
an inconvenience if they picked up the pressure and played a little
more aggressively," Popovich said, recounting his halftime speech.
"That might be a good idea." The Timberwolves committed 17 turnovers in the second half
against the suddenly defensive-minded Spurs. "He asked us, 'Please, guys. It's a great opportunity to go
play harder," Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili  said. "He's always so
polite." Tim Duncan , who said "we really appreciate it and responded
to" Popovich's talk, scored 24 points and  Tony Parker  added 23 for
San Antonio. Kevin Garnett  and  Mark Blount  each had 19 points for Minnesota.
 Randy Foye  added 15 points for the Timberwolves and Garnett grabbed
12 rebounds. "I thought we had an excellent game in the first half,"
Timberwolves coach Dwane Casey said. "In the second half they
turned up the juice and we didn't respond. ... That is the best
pressure I've seen all year." Still, Duncan saw the glass half-empty. "More important than the defensive effort in the second half
was the lack of defensive effort in the first half," he said. "We
were horrible in the first half. ... We put ourselves in a hole." Aside from being plagued by turnovers, Minnesota went 1-of-11
from 3-point range. And Garnett only scored two points -- both free
throws -- in the second half. "They were double-teaming him. Crowding him," Casey said.
"They did a great job of getting the ball out of our offensive
point guards' hands." The Spurs used a 10-2 run to get within 56-48 at halftime. More
than halfway through the third quarter Minnesota had scored just
one point and the Spurs were within one. A 3-pointer by  Brent Barry  gave the Spurs a 70-69 lead and a 3
by Parker made it 73-71. The 15 points scored by Minnesota in the third quarter were a
season low, but the mark dropped 12 minutes later. The Timberwolves had scored just five points three-fourths of
the way through the final period. Parker and Duncan combined for 12
points in the quarter, one more than Minnesota managed in
registering a new season low. "We live and learn from these things," Garnett said. "I'd
rather it happen now than later." Game notes The Spurs have won six straight home games against
Minnesota. ... The Timberwolves and Spurs meet again Jan. 3 in
Minnesota. ... The Timberwolves are back at .500 (10-10). ... The
Spurs are now 17-6. ... Minnesota G  Mike James  fouled out in the
fourth quarter with just four points. 