DENVER (AP) -- Atlanta coach Mike Woodson was pleased with his
team's effort. Trailing by 15 points in the fourth quarter, the Hawks didn't
give up, rallying to beat the  Denver Nuggets  98-96 on Wednesday
night.
 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 The Nuggets squandered a 17-point fourth quarter lead in their 98-96 loss to the Hawks. Denver hadn't been defeated in a game in which it led by that many points at any time during the fourth period since an overtime loss to Minnesota on Feb. 5, 2000. Atlanta was the second team to win a game this season in which it trailed by at least 17 points during the fourth quarter. The Cavaliers overcame a 19-point deficit in the final period of a 94-93 victory over the Celtics on Nov. 11. 
 For more Elias Says,  Click here .
 
 
 "This was huge win from a group that doesn't quit and competes
from beginning to end," the Atlanta coach said. "We were down
huge in the fourth quarter, and we just kept chipping away and kept
making play after play after play to get the win." Joe Johnson  scored 27 points and  Shelden Williams  hit two free
throws with 5 seconds left to get the victory. "We got the lead and we quit," Denver coach George Karl said
of his team which led 84-69 after a dunk by  Linas Kleiza  with 9:32
left in the game. "The inclination is to get a big lead and let up," said. "And
we did. After that basket, we had too much I and not enough we." Salim Stoudamire  added 21 points for Atlanta, which ended a
two-game losing streak. The Hawks also held  Carmelo Anthony  under 30 points for the
first time in seven games. He finished with 24 points, failing to
break the team record he shares with Alex English for consecutive
30-point games. Marcus Camby  added 11 points and 15 rebounds and came within two
assists of his first triple-double of the season. Anthony, the NBA's leading scorer, had a key basket with 2:39
left in the fourth quarter that put Denver ahead 93-92. "We went into the zone in the fourth quarter and got some key
stops and got into a transition game for some key baskets,"
Johnson said. "We stayed in the zone because it was giving them
problems." The lead changed hands several times down the stretch as
Stoudamire's 3-pointer briefly put the Hawks ahead 94-93 before
 Andre Miller 's jumper made it 95-94 with 1:16 left. JR Smith
converted one free throw, but Stoudamire's basket off a goaltending
call tied it at 96 with 38 seconds left. Anthony missed a shot in the paint on Denver's next possession.
Williams was fouled and converted both free throws for Atlanta to
give the Hawks a 98-96 lead. "I had been in that situation a lot of times in my (college)
career at Duke," Williams said. "I just looked at it as two free
throws, and not that it was going to win the game. That worked for
me." Denver had two chances at the end to tie it, but Andre Miller
and Camby missed shots. "The play was designed for me to drive the lane and make a play
for someone else," Millers said. "I ended up taking the shot and
it didn't go." Atlanta played without center Zaza Pachula, who received a
one-game suspension without pay for elbowing  Johan Petro  in the
final minute of the third quarter of a game the night before in
Seattle. Anthony made his first shot and free throw of the fourth quarter
and a basket by  Earl Boykins  with 8:41 left put the Nuggets ahead
88-74. Johnson's jumper with 6:10 capped an 13-0 run to close the
gap to 88-87. Anthony had 15 points by halftime, but the Nuggets trailed 48-44
at the break. "We gave up a big lead and gave up nearly 40 points to them in
the fourth quarter," said Miller. "We deserved to lose." Game Notes Atlanta has won nine of the past 12 meetings with the
Nuggets. ... The Hawks are 2-2 on the second night of back-to-back
games. ... Nine World War II veterans were honored before the game.
... C Nene missed his 12th consecutive game with a right knee
contusion. ... F  Joe Smith  played after sitting out two games with
a sprained right ankle. ... Denver hurt itself converting only
16-of-33 free throws. 