MILWAUKEE (AP) --  Charlie Bell 's last-minute steal and
three-point play left  Kevin Garnett  shaking his head. Bell stole a bad pass by Garnett and made a layup and ensuing
free throw with 33 seconds remaining to help the  Milwaukee Bucks  to
a 108-104 victory over the  Minnesota Timberwolves  on Saturday
night. Garnett scored 26 points to lead the Timberwolves, who have lost
consecutive games after a four-game winning streak. "My play was pure horrible tonight," Garnett said. "I was
pretty passive in the second half, and I can't make a pass like
that." Bell said he duped Garnett into making a mistake. "I kind of faked like I wasn't paying attention, and looked to
the guy under the basket," Bell said. "And it came right to me. "Once I got the steal, I just put on the afterburners and just
took off." Michael Redd  and  Mo Williams  scored 28 points each for
Milwaukee, which snapped a two-game losing streak. Redd also was
called for a technical foul -- only the second of his career. The Bucks led 103-102, after Minnesota's  Mike James  hit a jumper
with 1:05 remaining. Garnett got his hands on a loose ball on Milwaukee's next
possession, but Bell stole the ball right back. He then ran down
the floor for a layup and was fouled by James on the play and made
the free throw to put Milwaukee ahead by four. Bell fouled  Ricky Davis  with 29.7 seconds remaining, but Davis
made only one of two shots. Then Garnett went to the line with 5.1
seconds left, missing the first and making the second. "I just don't like the way I'm playing right now," Garnett
said. "I guess I need to watch film and figure out a way to get
better." Williams went to the line 1 second later, sealing the game with
two free throws -- one night after the Bucks missed 18 free throws
in a loss to Chicago. "They made their foul shots down the stretch, and they came at
us with a lot of energy," Timberwolves coach Dwane Casey said. Mark Blount  added 16 points and a team-high 10 rebounds for the
Timberwolves, who have lost three straight annual trips to the
Bradley Center. Andrew Bogut  had 16 points and a team-high 11 rebounds for
Milwaukee, which has won four straight at home. Bell added 16. "The effort tonight, fourth game in five nights after
back-to-back losses, was a good win," Milwaukee coach Terry Stotts
said. After a scoreless first quarter, Redd scored 15 of the Bucks' 24
points in the second quarter and had three 3-pointers in the first
4 minutes of the third. With Redd in mild foul trouble, Stotts rested his star for
nearly 4 minutes to begin the fourth. Still, the Bucks led 85-82
when Redd re-entered the game at the 8:07 mark. Garnett hit two free throws, but Redd answered with a turnaround
jumper to begin an 11-4 run that put the Bucks ahead 96-88 with
4:15 remaining. The Timberwolves rallied with three-point plays on back-to-back
possessions by Garnett and James, and Blount hit an open jump shot
to cut the Milwaukee lead to 98-96 with 2:58 remaining. Redd was called for a technical after he appeared to get a clean
block of  Trenton Hassell 's shot late in the third quarter. Redd was
called for a foul and laid down on the floor in disbelief after the
call with 1:57 remaining in the second quarter. Redd said even the official told him that he didn't deserve the
call, but had to make it under new NBA rules that demand tighter
scrutiny of players who complain about calls. "I think it's unfair," Redd said. "I wasn't cussing him out
or anything like that." Redd's only other technical foul came in a playoff game against
New Jersey on April 29, 2003. Game notes The Bucks were playing without forward  Charlie Villanueva ,
who was inactive because of tendinitis in his right shoulder.
Villanueva returned on Dec. 8 after missing 10 games with an elbow
injury. ... Minnesota is the only team in the NBA to use the same
starting lineup in every game. ... Garnett received a technical
after for arguing after he was called for carrying with 30.1
seconds left in the first half. 