MINNEAPOLIS (AP) --  Carmelo Anthony  took care of the scoring,
while  Eduardo Najera  and  Reggie Evans  covered everything else for
Denver on Friday night. Anthony had 35 points, Najera and Evans outworked Minnesota's
post players for 27 rebounds -- 16 on the offensive end -- and the
Nuggets beat the Timberwolves 106-92. 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Anthony Carmelo Anthony scored 35 points in the Nuggets' win in Minneapolis on Friday night. It's the sixth straight road game in which he has scored at least 30 points, the longest streak for any Denver player since the franchise joined the NBA. Alex English scored 30 or more points in five consecutive road games for the Nuggets, two different times.  
 For more Elias Says,  Click here .
 
 
 "Those are commitment things, those are heart things, those are
gut things," coach George Karl said. "Our confidence came from
the energy they gave us and the extra effort they gave us." Najera had 14 points and 11 rebounds, and all five starters
scored in double figures for the Nuggets, who have won nine of the
last 11 games after starting the season 0-3. Denver outrebounded
Minnesota 52-40, led by Evans' 16 boards. The all-around effort followed two days of practice that,
according to a few Denver players, were very intense and focused on
defense. "He was at us, real aggressive and real tough," Evans said of
Karl. "He was on our necks and it showed today." Added Anthony: "We went hard for the last couple of days and I
think it paid off for us." Anthony scored at least 30 points for the 11th time in the last
12 games. "You are seeing one of the best offensive players I have ever
coached," Karl said. "The game is so easy for him in so many
different places." Kevin Garnett  had 21 points and 11 rebounds and  Ricky Davis  also
had 21 points for Minnesota, which has lost three straight.
Minnesota shot just 44 percent from the field, falling to 0-6 when
shooting under 45 percent. "We didn't bring it," coach Dwane Casey said. "We had two
days of spirited practice and we didn't have it in the game
tonight." Anthony scored 11 points in the third quarter when the Nuggets
pulled away, doubling their halftime lead from 56-45 to 89-67.
Anthony scored from the inside and the outside, attacking the rim
and Garnett on one play for a basket and then hitting a running
3-pointer at the buzzer to give Denver the 22-point lead. Minnesota missed 14 of 23 shots in the quarter. The Wolves did
not get closer than 13 the rest of the way. "It isn't about what you do in practice, it is about what you
do in games," Wolves guard  Mike James  said. "We came out like
they always say: flat." Andre Miller  added nine rebounds to go with 17 points. The Nuggets opened up a double-digit lead in the second,
highlighted by one of the most unlikely baskets of the season. With
6:20 left in the quarter,  J.R. Smith  raced to the baseline to save
a loose ball and instead of trying to put the ball in play, he shot
it while jumping out of bounds, swishing the 3-pointer to put
Denver up 43-31. "I thought he (the referee) was going to call a foul so I just
threw it up," Smith said. Denver led the entire opening quarter and was up 28-20 with 1:47
left before the Wolves closed the first with five straight points,
including  Marko Jaric 's bank shot from halfcourt at the buzzer. Game Notes When asked if he was overlooked for player of the month
honors that went to  Yao Ming , Anthony replied, "I might've." ...
Denver improved to 9-2 when scoring at least 100 points. The
Nuggets have yet to score less than 96. ... Garnett reached double
figures for the 337th consecutive game, the ninth-longest streak in
history. He's one game away from tying his own record (338), set
between October 1997 and February 2002. ...  Joe Smith  missed the
game with a sprained right ankle and is day-to-day. 