INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- Utah's best defensive performance of the
season gave the Jazz their first victory over Indiana in four
years. Carlos Boozer  scored 18 points and  Mehmet Okur  added 17 to help
the Jazz start a five-game trip with a 104-94 victory Sunday. Utah
held the Pacers to 36.5 percent shooting, and the presence of
shot-blocker  Andrei Kirilenko  under the basket forced Indiana to
rely on its outside shooting with little result. "We helped each other," Boozer said of the defense against the
Pacers. "We made them take jump shots. Anytime you have the whole
team aware on defense, you're going to do a good job." The Pacers, who had beaten Utah seven straight times over the
past four years, rallied from 21 points down in the third quarter
and pulled to 100-94 on a basket by  Jamaal Tinsley  with 24 seconds
remaining. Rookie  Dee Brown  then hit four of six free throws in the
closing seconds to finish the scoring for the Jazz. "We just got a little more aggressive," Boozer said. "In the
second half, we were a lot more efficient offensively. We executed
our offense really well, and we did a better job defensively as
well." Kirilenko had seven points, six rebounds and six blocked shots. The worst shooting by a Utah opponent before this game was 38.1
percent by Milwaukee two weeks ago. "This is probably the best team we've played all year," said
 Jermaine O'Neal , who led Indiana with 31 points. "And they really
showed why they're the best team in the NBA, because no matter what
happens, they don't show very many emotions. They just come out
with their hard hat and just play basketball, no matter what." O'Neal had 14 in the third quarter, but no one else scored for
the Pacers until a fast-break layup by  Sarunas Jasikevicius  with
just more than 3 minutes left in the period. A 13-2 run by the
Jazz, meanwhile, ended with a rebound basket by Boozer and the
third 3-point basket by Okur for a 78-57 lead. Indiana cut it to 85-75 early in the fourth quarter, but Boozer
hit a rebound basket,  Paul Millsap  scored on a fast-break dunk and
 Matt Harpring  added a layup, and the Jazz never trailed by fewer
than nine until the final rally by the Pacers. "We executed pretty well," Utah coach Jerry Sloan said. "We
hit a couple shots against their zone and that hurt them a little
bit. Then we executed our man-to-man offense pretty well." Boozer finished with 11 rebounds for his 18th double-double in
24 games this season.  Deron Williams  added 17 points and Derek
Fisher had 15 points for the Jazz.  Stephen Jackson  had 16 for
Indiana. "They made big plays throughout the game. From start to finish,
their collective will was stronger than ours," Pacers coach Rick
Carlisle said. "They had us on our heels from the beginning of the
game. "We ended up adjusting to it, but we had to be there from the
beginning because they're too solid. There's no slippage in their
game. ... They're that good. Very disciplined, and talented." O'Neal scored Indiana's first seven points, but he and Tinsley
were the only Pacers to attempt a shot for most of the first
quarter. Two 3-pointers by Okur and one by Williams, meanwhile,
helped the Jazz to an 18-9 lead. Jackson and  Danny Granger  each hit a 3-pointer and Tinsley added
a basket to help the Pacers within two, but Utah expanded its lead
to 29-23 at the end of the period and baskets by  Gordan Giricek  and
Harpring gave the Jazz their first 10-point lead in the first
minute of the second quarter. Utah stretched the lead to 45-31 midway through the quarter, but
the Pacers rallied again. Jackson hit four free throws and a
3-pointer, then fed O'Neal for a dunk after a Utah turnover to pull
Indiana within 53-47 at halftime. Okur and Boozer got the first two
baskets of the third quarter, and the Pacers never recovered. Game notes Kirilenko has had at least one block in 25 straight games,
the longest active streak in the NBA. O'Neal, with three blocks,
has had at least one in 22 straight. ... Indiana's  Al Harrington ,
in foul trouble early, did not score in 23 minutes. Utah is 16-2
when Boozer has a double-double. ... Carlisle, who had several
players with lengthy suspensions after a brawl with Pistons fans
two years ago, called Saturday's Nuggets-Knicks fight
disappointing. "I can tell you the power of emotions can be an
underrated thing in our game. ... But unless you're there and a
part of it and know all the dynamics of it, it's really hard to
comment on it," Carlisle said. 