DENVER (AP) -- Isiah Thomas was sauntering out of the Pepsi
Center, relishing  Jamal Crawford 's big fourth quarter and the New
York Knicks' improbable 109-107 comeback win over the Denver
Nuggets when he heard the latest bad news on  Kenyon Martin . The Nuggets' hard-luck big man needs another knee operation,
this time on his "good" knee. Elias Says The Nuggets were handed their third loss in as many tries this season as the Knicks posted a 109-107 win at Denver. The Nuggets joined the 1983-84 Washington Bullets as the only teams ever to begin an NBA season with three straight losses, all by three or fewer points.
   For more Elias Says,  Click here "Oh, no. If he's down, I'll miss him," the Knicks coach said.
"He's one of the great guys in this league and he's one of the
true competitors in this league. He's definitely one of my favorite
players that I like to watch. I don't like coaching against him
because when he was with the Nets, I never could beat him." With that, Thomas' smile was gone as he left the arena. Martin was taped up and ready to play when a team doctor sent
him instead for tests on his swollen right knee that revealed loose
cartilage. He'll learn Thursday when he'll have the surgery and how
long he might be out. Martin was confounded by his latest knee injury. He was limited
to a career-low 56 games last year after undergoing microfracture
surgery on his left knee and said just Wednesday morning during the
shootaround that he felt he had finally put that behind him. "I was scheduled to play. I was taped and everything. The doc
came in and looked at me and told me I needed to get an MRI," said
a somber Martin after the game. He has no idea how or when he got hurt, either. "That's the most frustrating thing," Martin said. "I have no
clue. None whatsoever. How I did it or what day I did it." All he knows is it started hurting this week and that he'll be
sidelined again. For how long, nobody knows. "I won't be out the entire season, but I have no idea at this
point," he said. His teammates nearly won without him, but for the third straight
game blew a big fourth-quarter lead. Crawford stole the ball from  Eduardo Najera , who was subbing for
Martin, and made a 3-pointer with 3.7 seconds left for the
game-winner. Crawford, himself subbing for  Steve Francis  (ankle), scored 20
of his 35 points in the fourth quarter, when the Knicks erased a
12-point deficit to overcome  Carmelo Anthony 's 37-point
performance. With the game tied at 106, Nuggets guard  J.R. Smith  stole the
ball from Crawford and passed it to Najera, who tried to throw the
ball downcourt. Crawford blocked it, retrieved it and swished a
long 3. "I didn't like the turnover," Thomas said. "But the shot I
loved." "You don't have time to think about the mistake," Crawford
said. "If you do that Carmelo gets a lay-in and it's over. You
have to do what you have to do to get that steal back." Anthony was fouled with 2.9 seconds left on the inbounds after a
timeout and sank his first free throw. After another timeout, he
intentionally missed his second attempt and Smith swooped in and
grabbed the rebound, exactly like it was drawn up, then fired up a
bank shot that missed as the buzzer sounded. "I said to the guys when you play hard, sometimes you get
lucky," Thomas said. Stephon Marbury 's 3-pointer tied it at 106 with 44 seconds left,
erasing what remained of the Nuggets' 12-point lead with eight
minutes left. The Nuggets' 0-3 mark was compounded by Martin's latest injury. "Right now I'm at a loss for words, you know what I'm saying? I
worked my butt off in training camp. For this to happen now, I'm
down in the dumps," Martin told The Associated Press. "But I've
dealt with worse, so I've just got to fight through it." Martin, who averaged 9.5 points and 10 rebounds in Denver's
first two games, was replaced by Najera, who scored 12 points. "I think Martin is irreplaceable," Najera said. "But,
combined, all our big guys can do a pretty good job." The Nuggets led 91-79 with eight minutes remaining when Crawford
got hot. Crawford scored eight straight points, on a free throw, a
putback on a subsequent missed free throw, a layup and a 3-pointer,
and  Nate Robinson 's breakaway basket pulled New York to 94-92 with
six minutes left. "I was in a rhythm and when you're in a rhythm, you are letting
it go," Crawford said. Game notes Cablevision, which owns the Knicks through its Madison
Square Garden unit, disclosed Larry Brown's $18.5 million
settlement in its third-quarter report filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. ... The Nuggets have lost seven straight
regular-season games. 