OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) -- It wasn't the way  Kirk Hinrich  wants the
 Chicago Bulls  to finish a game, but it still netted exactly the
result his coach was looking for. Andres Nocioni  scored a career-high 31 points, including two
late free throws, and the Bulls held off a series of comebacks for
a 111-108 victory over the New Orleans Hornets on Friday night. Chicago allowed New Orleans to cut a 15-point, fourth-quarter
deficit to two in the waning moments, but was still able to escape
with its third straight win. "That's the kind of win we need to get," Bulls coach Scott
Skiles said. "When you come on the road like this, no matter how
you can get it, you've got to get it." Rasual Butler  scored 26 of his career-high 33 points in the
second half to lead the Hornets' comeback, and his seventh
3-pointer of the game got the Hornets within 109-106. "We've got to get better at finishing the game and holding
leads," Hinrich said. "But some of those Butler was just on
fire." When Butler finally missed,  Tyson Chandler  dunked on the rebound
to make it a two-point game. Chicago's  Ben Gordon  hit one of two
free throws with 2.4 seconds left, and  Chris Paul 's half-court shot
for the tie was after the buzzer and off-target. Paul had his third career triple-double with 25 points, a
career-high 18 assists and 11 rebounds.  Jannero Pargo  added 18
points and  Marc Jackson  scored 15. Tyson Chandler, who was traded to the Hornets after the Bulls signed  Ben Wallace , had 16 rebounds. Wallace had only one point and four rebounds in 33 minutes. Luol Deng  added 21 points for Chicago, while Hinrich and Gordon
each scored 17. Nocioni also had 13 rebounds for his third
double-double this season. "We got some big shots and people had some big plays, but also
on the other side we had some plays that we weren't very wise, to
say the least," Skiles said. Butler led New Orleans back with 11 points -- including three
3-pointers -- during a 15-3 run that pulled the Hornets within 83-77
at the end of the third quarter. Hinrich returned from the bench and drove for a layup to spark a
9-0 answer by the Bulls at the start of the fourth quarter, but the
Hornets weren't done yet. Reserve Pargo scored seven in a row to
cut the deficit to 94-87, and the Hornets got within five on Paul's
two free throws with 5:39 left Gordon answered with a jumper and Nocioni hit his career-best
fifth 3-pointer from the right wing to stretch the lead back to 10
with 4:40 to play. That was just enough space for the Bulls to fight off another
comeback attempt that included a two-handed alley-oop dunk by
 Desmond Mason . Butler's 3-pointer made it 107-103 before Nocioni
hit two free throws with 13 seconds remaining to set up the closing
sequence. "If we're up eight or six with two minutes to go, we've got to
keep attacking and realize that we've still got to score," Hinrich
said. "Obviously, we've got to get stops and rebounds but we still
have to attack and be aggressive offensively." New Orleans scored more than 83 points for the first time during
its five-game losing streak. The Hornets are without three of their
top four scorers --  David West  (forearm),  Peja Stojakovic  (back) and
sixth man  Bobby Jackson  (ribs) -- and have dropped to last in the
NBA in scoring. "I think we showed a lot of fight in us, but at the end of the
game we still didn't get the win," Paul said. "It's all about
wins and losses." The Bulls surged into the lead with eight straight points late
in the first quarter and were ahead 45-31 after a 10-0
second-quarter run that included seven straight points by Gordon. Chicago was up 59-47 at halftime after shooting 9-for-13 from
3-point range and led by as much as 80-62 after Deng's three-point
play with 2:30 left in the third quarter. Game notes Chandler and Pargo, who were acquired by the Hornets in
offseason moves, traded hugs and handshakes with several Bulls
players during pregame warmups.  P.J. Brown , who was traded for
Chandler, got a warm ovation when he entered in the first quarter.
... Bulls F  Malik Allen  was inactive with flulike symptoms. ... The
Bulls' Wallace, benched last week for wearing a headband,
didn't wear one -- but Marc Jackson of the Hornets did. 