SAN ANTONIO (AP) --  Manu Ginobili  saved the  San Antonio Spurs 
from giving a game away to the short-handed  Philadelphia 76ers . Ginobili scored eight of his 17 points late to lead the Spurs to
a 103-98 victory Saturday night, handing the 76ers their 11th
straight loss. Ginobili "has unbelievable will (to win)," Spurs coach Gregg
Popovich said. "He does things you can't draw. He has
extraordinary will to get it done." Tony Parker  scored 24 points,  Tim Duncan  had 21 and Michael
Finley 14 for the Spurs. Andre Iguodala  tied his career-high with 27 points to lead the
76ers.  Kevin Ollie  had 19 points,  Willie Green  18 and Alan
Henderson and  Kyle Korver  added 13 apiece. The 76ers were without  Allen Iverson , sitting out his sixth
straight game while the 76ers try to fulfill his demand for a
trade, and  Chris Webber  (sprained right ankle). Still, the Spurs squandered a 17-point third-quarter advantage
and allowed Philadelphia to take a lead late in the fourth.
However, Ginobili served up a 3-pointer, another basket and three
free throws in the last 2:47 to put the Spurs over 100 and seal the
win. "In the final few minutes we stepped up, but we can't be
satisfied with that," Ginobili said. "It isn't always going to
end up like today." Philadelphia coach Maurice Cheeks said he's pleased with his
team's "grit and scrappiness." "It's just unfortunate that we haven't been able to finish the
game. ... It's hard to continue. We've been doing it night in and
night out," Cheeks said. "I give our guys a lot of credit for
stepping up despite not having won a game. "At some point it's going to turn. We're going to get a break
here or a break there." The 76ers have their longest losing streak since dropping 13 in
a row from Dec. 28, 1996, to Jan. 20, 1997. "It's already frustrating to be losing and then not to be a
part of it, just adds to it," said Webber, who was at Saturday's
game. After the game Cheeks did not address a possible Iverson trade. Leading 54-50 at halftime, San Antonio quickly took a
double-digit lead in the third off seven quick points from Duncan
and a fast-break reverse layup from Ginobili. Parker then buried a 3-pointer with the shot clock almost gone
then followed with an 18-footer. The Spurs' biggest lead in the quarter, and game, was 17, and
they took an 11-point cushion into the fourth. However, the 76ers whittled the Spurs' lead down to one when
Korver made a 3-pointer with 4:49 left.  Samuel Dalembert 's dunk put
the 76ers ahead 95-93 before Parker tied it up again. After that, Ginobili's shots put San Antonio on top. The 76ers, who lost 93-79 to the  Dallas Mavericks  on Friday,
took a 26-23 lead into the second quarter. Philadelphia remained close in the second with the help of 10
points from Green. The teams were tied five times during the
quarter. Iguodala said Saturday's matchup "showed we have fight in us." "But we have to throw our counter-punch a little bit quicker,"
he said. "We need to respond a little quicker than we have,
instead of getting down 17 and having to fight back." Game notes San Antonio announced it has assigned G-F  James White  to
the Austin Toros in the NBA Development League. White was signed by
San Antonio on Nov. 3 and hasn't seen any time with the Spurs. ...
San Antonio C  Jackie Butler  was out with the flu Saturday. ... The
76ers have lost 10 straight road games. ... The Spurs are 14-1 when
scoring 100 or more points. 