MIAMI (AP) -- The  Miami Heat  used half a dozen different
defenders on  Allen Iverson , from 6-foot-1  Jason Williams  to 6-10
 Alonzo Mourning . They trapped and blitzed him and even used a zone
against him. Elias Says Dwyane Wade had 33 points and 13 assists against the 76ers on Monday after having 35 points and 12 assists on Saturday against the Bobcats and 33 points and 15 assists Friday against the Magic. Only three other players in NBA history have had at least 30 points and a dozen assists in as many as three straight games: Oscar Robertson had four such streaks for the Cincinnati Royals between 1960 and 1964; Nate Archibald for the Kansas City-Omaha Kings in 1972; and Kevin Johnson for the Suns in 1989.    For more Elias Says,  Click here And they were happy to hold him to 45 points. Iverson started out hot but failed to keep up with the Miami
Heat, who shot a season-high 59 percent and beat the Philadelphia
76ers 103-91 Monday night. "You see what he does, and it's unbelievable," said Dwyane
Wade, who had 33 points and 13 assists for Miami. "You just try to
keep your team afloat when he's cooking. I'm not trying to match
basket for basket with that guy at all." Still, Wade led the Heat in scoring for the 11th consecutive
game. He became the first player to have at least 30 points and 12
assists for three games in a row since Kevin Johnson of Phoenix in
February 1989. "When all the attention is on Wade, he throws it out to
somebody else, and they were knocking down shots," Iverson said. Udonis Haslem  had 18 points and 10 rebounds, and Mourning
blocked seven shots and added 14 points for the defending NBA
champion Heat. "We had contributions from everybody," Mourning said. "We've
got to get back to playing well again at home. It's something we
hung our hats on last year." The Heat, who had lost their past four home games, improved to
3-5 in Miami. The 76ers lost for the ninth time in 11 games since
starting 3-0. "I'm disappointed, because we're a good team," Iverson said.
"We just have to maintain how we play in the beginning of the game
throughout the whole game." Wade, Williams,  Gary Payton ,  Jason Kapono  and  Dorell Wright  took
turns defending Iverson, and Mourning jumped out on the perimeter
several times to help against the 6-foot guard. But Iverson was
never quiet for long, earning almost all of his points going
1-on-1. "When I saw he had 16 points in the first quarter, I said,
`Lord, it's going to be a long night," Wright said. Iverson scored inside against Mourning, and hit a 20-footer over
two defenders before he fell across the baseline and landed on a
spectator. Wade sank several acrobatic baskets, too, including a reverse
layup that sent him skidding on his rear into the corner. He
thrived again at point guard, where he moved last week, and had
three assists down the stretch helped Miami close out the win. "My job right now is to give my teammates the ball," Wade
said. "I get just as much excitement out of my teammates scoring
as me scoring. I would love to average 10 assists a game." Iverson had 24 points only 20 minutes into the game, but his
team trailed 45-44. He had 27 at the half, when the score was
51-all. Miami pulled away in the second half, when he went
7-for-19. Wade had seven turnovers but shot 10-for-18, including the score
that put Miami ahead to stay, 62-61. Three quick baskets by the
Heat to start the fourth quarter, including a breakaway by Wright,
made it 80-68. Iverson finished 17-for-37 for the 76ers, who shot 37 percent.
Their only other double-figure scorer was  Andre Iguodala , who had
15 points. "We get out to a nice start, and once again, we didn't sustain
it," 76ers coach Maurice Cheeks said. Game notes Williams, still nursing a sore knee following offseason
surgery, started but played only 9 minutes. Heat coach Pat Riley
said Williams is still not 100 percent and other players gave the
Heat better matchups. ... 76ers C-F Steve Hunter (knee) returned
after missing five games, but F  Chris Webber  (back) missed his
sixth game in a row. ... Heat F  James Posey  (calf) was inactive for
the fifth game in a row. ... The Heat trailed after one period for
the seventh time in eight home games. 