MILWAUKEE (AP) --  Andrew Bogut  knows the outcome could have been
different, and he'll take it. Bogut had 16 points, nine rebounds and six assists and hit what
proved to be the game-winning free throw with 1:14 remaining to
lead the  Milwaukee Bucks  past the  Seattle SuperSonics  94-93 Tuesday
night. "It was a coin toss," Bogut said. "We knuckled up and played
good 'D' and got the win, but it could have gone either way. I
guess we got lucky, but we have been very unlucky in some games in
these situations, too." Michael Redd  had 22 points and  Ruben Patterson  added 21 points
on 8-of-10 shooting for Milwaukee, which won despite hitting on
just one of its 13 3-point attempts. Rashard Lewis  led Seattle with 26 points, as the Sonics lost for
the first time in four games without leading scorer  Ray Allen , out
with a bone bruise in his right foot. Chris Wilcox  added 16 points, and  Damien Wilkins  had 15 for
Seattle. The Sonics had six players in double figures and made 51.3
percent of their field goals in the first game of a five-game,
seven-day road trip. The Bucks took their first lead of the second half with 3:35
remaining and had to hold on as  Luke Ridnour  missed a desperation
3-pointer as the buzzer sounded. "We had control of the game most of the game," said Ridnour,
who had 12 points and eight assists but six turnovers. "We got all
the stops we needed, just had a couple of balls go in and out and
just weren't able to finish it." Charlie Villanueva , in his third game back from an elbow injury,
returned to the starting lineup for Milwaukee and scored 15 points,
including two key baskets down the stretch. Milwaukee trailed much of the second half but took its first
lead after halftime when Patterson found Villanueva open on the
baseline for a dunk, and he was fouled. Villanueva made the free
throw. Villaneuva's jumper made it 93-92 Bucks with 3 minutes remaining
before  Nick Collison  was fouled trying to dunk with 1:29 left. He
made one of two free throws to tie it at 93. On Milwaukee's next possession, Collison fouled Bogut hard on a
layup attempt, and Bogut made the second of two free throws with
1:14 left for the final margin. Seattle came up empty on its next two possessions with a
turnover and Collison's missed jumper, giving the Bucks the ball
back with 24.2 seconds left. Milwaukee ran down the shot clock, and
Villaneuva missed a jumper with 3 seconds left. Seattle rebounded
with 2.5 seconds remaining and called timeout. Ridnour had trouble fighting through a double team and did not
get a clean look at the basket as he hoisted a 22-footer that
barely hit the rim. Officially, Ridnour got the shot off with 0.3 seconds left, but
it appeared to come after the buzzer. "It was supposed to be a lob to Rashard, but as soon as I got
it they just trapped it," Ridnour said. "So I had to try to get
out of there and just get something up." Seattle made 51.3 percent of its shots, but had 19 turnovers.
Patterson had four steals as Milwaukee won its third straight home
game after starting the year 2-4 at the Bradley Center. "It was a gutsy win, no matter how you look at it," said Bucks
guard  Mo Williams , who had 12 points and nine assists. The game was close throughout, and both teams shot well early.
Lewis made 7-of-8 field goals for 15 points in the first quarter.
Backup forward  Johan Petro  helped the Sonics to a 52-50 halftime
lead, sinking all six of his shots and scoring 12 points in the
second period -- three shy of his career high. The Sonics shot 55.8 percent in the first half, but Milwaukee's
defense was the key late. "I hope we can bottle that for a while," Bucks coach Terry
Stotts said. Game notes Reserve Sonics guard  Earl Watson  left the game in the
second quarter with a lower back contusion and did not return. He
will be a gametime decision in Wednesday's game against the Chicago
Bulls, the team said. ... Wilkins, who scored 22 points in
Seattle's victory over Golden State Sunday, started in place of
Allen. ... Patterson hit his first 3-pointer of the season in four
attempts in the first quarter. 