SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) -- Playing a struggling team without its
best player was just what the  Sacramento Kings  needed to halt a
five-game losing streak. Elias Says With Joe Johnson sidelined by a calf injury, the Hawks lost to the Kings, 117-92. It was only the second time in the last 25 seasons that no Hawks starter scored in double figures. The other was a 109-79 loss to the Hornets in 2003. 
   For more Elias Says,  Click here Brad Miller  scored a season-high 19 points and the Kings won
easily for a change, humbling the  Atlanta Hawks , who played without
injured  Joe Johnson , 117-92 on Sunday night. The lopsided victory was a welcome respite for the Kings, who
had lost three of their previous four games by three points or
less, including an overtime defeat Thursday at home against Miami. "He (Johnson) does a lot for them, but no one felt sorry for us
when we were down (with injured players)," said Shareef
Abdur-Rahim, who scored 11 points and was one of six Kings in
double figures. "No disrespect to anyone, but it was a game we
felt we were supposed to win." It was a breakout game for Miller, who has struggled, partly due
to an injured foot that caused him to miss eight straight games in
November. The Kings starting center made seven of nine shots and
converted five of seven free throws. "I'm trying to be more aggressive, work my way back and play my
game," Miller said. "I felt like it was a game where we needed to
come out and play well, which we did." Ahead 53-40 at the half, Sacramento had its highest scoring
quarter of the season, outscoring the Hawks 39-22 in the third to
take a 92-62 lead.  Mike Bibby  connected on a 3-pointer with a
second left and had 11 points in the period. Corliss Williamson  scored a season-high 18 points and Bibby had
16 points for the Kings, who shot a season-best 57 percent and made
29 of 38 free throws.  John Salmons  and  Kevin Martin  had 14 points
each. "That's way too many points to give up to any team," Hawks
guard  Speedy Claxton  said. "If we expect to be in games we've got
to hold them to 90 points." Salim Stoudamire  scored a season-high 26 points for Atlanta,
which had no starters in double figures.  Solomon Jones  scored 14
points and Tyrone Lue had 10 for the Hawks, who have lost two
straight and three of four. Johnson, the league's fourth leading scorer, had his NBA-leading
streak of 376 straight games snapped due to a strained right calf
suffered in a loss Friday night to the Lakers. Johnson had tied for
the lead or led the Hawks in scoring every game this season. Minus Johnson, the Hawks looked out of sync on offense. They had
16 first-half turnovers and finished with 26 in losing their
seventh straight against the Kings. "We didn't have Joe, but that doesn't mean anything. Joe is not
super human," said  Marvin Williams , who started in place of
Johnson. "Some days he's not going to be out there and we have to
find a way to play when he's not. Game notes The Kings made 12 of 17 free throws in the second quarter
when they outscored Atlanta 31-20. ... Atlanta has surpassed 100
points in only one of its last 12 games. ... Kings starting forward
 Kenny Thomas  was sick and missed his first game of the season. ...
Atlanta coach Mike Woodson and assistant Larry Drew were players on
the first Sacramento team in 1985-86 when the franchise moved from
Kansas City. 