EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) -- The  Charlotte Bobcats  earned a rare road win at the expense of the struggling  New Jersey Nets . Rookie  Adam Morrison  scored 22 points and  Sean May  had a career-high 20 Tuesday night as the Bobcats beat the Nets 96-92, sending New Jersey to its sixth straight loss. Charlotte snapped a two-game losing streak and won for only the second time in seven road games. "The road hasn't been a problem," Bobcats coach Bernie Bickerstaff said. "The guys have competed on the road. The difference is that we made plays tonight." Primoz Brezec  had 13 for the Bobcats, and  Raymond Felton  and  Gerald Wallace  each added 12. After opening an early 14-point lead, the Bobcats withstood several New Jersey runs in the fourth. The Nets never completely erased the deficit. "We want to be hungry for a win," Nets coach Lawrence Frank said. "We didn't buy into what it takes to win. We did it for a half, this time the second. We are not getting the job done." Richard Jefferson  led New Jersey with a season-high 27 points.  Vince Carter  had 25 and  Nenad Krstic  20. Led by May and Felton, the Bobcats' reserves outscored New Jersey's 36-7. May filled in nicely for  Emeka Okafor , who was in foul trouble most of the game and finished with only six points. "I tried to be more physical," May said. "The last two games I was out there thinking too much. I wanted to be aggressive and tonight it worked out for us." Felton hit a 3-pointer and May followed with an 18-foot jumper as the Bobcats pushed their lead to 79-70 early in the fourth. Carter finally came alive for the Nets. Only 2-for-6 from the field through three quarters, Carter hit consecutive 3-pointers to trim Charlotte's advantage to 83-81 with 6:49 remaining. The run stalled as Morrison responded with the next five points on a running jumper and a 3-pointer to put Charlotte up 88-81 with 5:27 left. New Jersey made another push to pull within 88-87 with 3:07 left when  Jason Kidd  made a layup following a turnover by Wallace. Charlotte scored the next four points for a 92-87 lead. Carter missed two crucial baskets for the Nets in the final minute and  Matt Carroll  sealed the win for Charlotte with a pair of free throws in the closing seconds. "They played harder, they played more aggressively," Jefferson said. "We picked it up in the second half but we have been struggling with inconsistent play all year." The Bobcats led 31-26 after one period thanks to a well-balanced attack. Morrison, Knight and Wallace each had six points. Jefferson led New Jersey with 12. May scored the first four points of the second quarter to give the Bobcats a comfortable cushion they protected throughout the period. Charlotte, which led by as many as 14 points in the quarter, led 59-49 at the half. May paced the Bobcats with 14 in the half, nine in the second period. Krstic and Jefferson keyed a Nets push in the third quarter that pulled New Jersey within three. The Nets scored nine straight points, the final four by Jefferson to trim the Bobcats' lead to 68-65 with 2:11 remaining. The teams traded baskets to close out the third with Charlotte ahead 74-69. Game notes   Eddie House  and  Josh Boone , both sidelined by injuries that have prevented them from playing this season, are close to making their Nets debuts. Boone, a first-round pick in the 2006 draft, was activated for the last three games but did not play while rehabbing a left shoulder injury. House, a free-agent signing over the summer, has been out with a torn meniscus in the left knee. "We'll look to the next couple of days and see where they're at," Nets coach Lawrence Frank said ... The six-game losing streak is the Nets' longest since dropping nine in a row from Nov. 10-28, 2004. ... Veteran swingman  Derek Anderson , signed earlier Tuesday, dressed but did not play for Charlotte. 