EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) -- The  Dallas Mavericks  weren't too
happy about losing their 12-game winning streak, and the struggling
 New Jersey Nets  wound up paying for it. Dirk Nowitzki  scored 26 points and  Josh Howard  added 23 to lead
Dallas past New Jersey 92-75 Tuesday night. Elias Says The Mavericks' 12-game winning streak ended Monday night in Washington, but Dallas avoided a 2-game losing streak with a 92-75 win at New Jersey Tuesday. 18 of the last 20 teams that won 12 or more consecutive games in one season rebounded to win the first game after the streak ended. The only exceptions were the 2003-04 Pistons and the 2001-02 Spurs, both of which were unlucky following 13-game winning streaks.
   For more Elias Says,  Click here In its 106-97 loss to the Wizards on Monday, Dallas played
lethargically until late in the game and at one point trailed by 31
points before rallying in the fourth quarter. Coach  Avery Johnson  detected a somber mood on the trip north. "We were really embarrassed," he said. "The plane was quiet,
the bus was quiet. Usually some guys are playing games, but there
were no games being played. That's a good sign. We don't take
losing well." The Mavericks never trailed against the Nets, built a 17-point
lead in the third quarter and held off a New Jersey rally early in
the fourth. Howard attributed the fast start to the way the
Mavericks ended Monday's game. "We did an excellent job in the fourth quarter and it carried
over to tonight," he said. "We knew what we needed to do." Howard has developed into the perfect complement to Nowitzki,
and the fourth-year swingman had led or co-led Dallas in scoring in
three of the last four games. On Tuesday, he and Nowitzki scored
all of the Mavericks' points in a 13-4 run midway through the
fourth quarter that gave them an 88-71 lead with 3:10 left. With Nowitzki scoring a quiet 10 points in the first half,
Howard picked up the slack with 15 points on 7-for-10 shooting. "He has the ability to contribute when he's not scoring, and
he's keeping the right level of concentration for longer
stretches," Johnson said of Howard. Vince Carter  scored 20 points for New Jersey, which has lost
seven of its last nine games but is still tied with Toronto atop
the Atlantic Division at 7-10. Even with the league's hottest team
in town, the Nets couldn't match the Mavericks' energy on either
end of the floor. "It just seemed like Dallas had a great sense of urgency and we
weren't able to meet it," Nets coach Lawrence Frank said. "We
just didn't seem, for whatever reason, to have a great deal of pep
in our step." The only Net who injected any life into the game was reserve
center  Mikki Moore , who scored eight points when the Nets closed a
17-point gap to five late in the third quarter. "We have to keep our heads up," Carter said. "We were able to
pick it up but we waited until too late. We didn't lay down. We
still continued to play to win. If we continue to do that, we can
win a lot of ballgames that way." Game notes 
The loss dropped New Jersey to 1-12 in its last 13 games
against Dallas. ... Dallas G  Maurice Ager  sat out with a sprained
right ankle. ... The Nets threatened to match their season-low
point total for the first half before winding up with 35 points,
six of which were scored in the final 1:03. They managed 26 in the
first half of an 86-68 loss against Portland on Nov. 18. ... Arena
security ejected a fan seated at the baseline near the Nets' bench
in the second half for yelling profanities at referee Joey
Crawford. 