SALT LAKE CITY (AP) --  Zach Randolph  put on a show, but good team
basketball won the game for the  Utah Jazz . Mehmet Okur  scored 20 points,  Carlos Boozer  added 19 points and
10 rebounds, and the Jazz beat the  Portland Trail Blazers  96-86 on
Saturday night. Seven Jazz players scored at least eight points. "They've got players," Randolph said. "Deron (Williams) at
the point and Mehmet shooting the ball, they've got a complete
team. Boozer is a tough player. They're going to be real good, a
playoff team." Randolph scored 34 points and grabbed 13 rebounds, but got
little help from his teammates. It was Randolph's eighth game with
at least 30 points and 10 boards. Okur shot 9-of-13 and scored four points in a late 8-2 run that
sealed the game for the Jazz. His runner in the lane gave Utah a
94-82 lead with 1:02 left. "(We) tried to come out more active (tonight). I think we did a
pretty well taking care of all of our jobs," Okur said. Meanwhile, the Blazers were often out of synch, just watching
Randolph work in the post. "We're still trying to find our rhythm. Right now, we're not
playing unselfish basketball," said  Brandon Roy , who had 17 points
for the Blazers Portland has lost five straight and 10 of its last 11 games at
Utah. Despite playing in the second half of a back-to-back set, the
Blazers nearly rallied from 24 points down but ran out of energy in
the fourth quarter. "Zach was the one guy keeping us close, keeping us in the game.
He got some things going, but it just wasn't enough," Blazers
coach Nate McMillan said. Boozer notched his 23rd double-double of the season and Andrei
Kirilenko added 14 points for the Jazz, who have won three of four
and rebounded from a 106-83 loss to San Antonio on Thursday. "(Utah coach Jerry) Sloan got on us after we played the Spurs
and said we have to continue to fight. We got blown out there but
we came back and played harder in this game," said  Paul Millsap ,
who had had 11 points and six rebounds in just 15 minutes. Utah
outrebounded Portland 44-35. "Most importantly we got decent shots tonight. I thought we
executed pretty well and we finished strong at the end of the
game," Sloan said. The Jazz shot 50.6 from the field and improved
to 14-0 when making at least half of their attempts. The Blazers surrendered 50 points in the paint and 18
second-chance points. "Utah, they live in the paint. That's where they attack you,"
said McMillan, whose team has dropped four of its last five games. The Jazz had their largest lead when  Derek Fisher 's 3-pointer
with 3:26 left in the third quarter made it 71-47. Fisher had 11
points and Williams contributed 12 assists. But the Blazers slowly chipped away with a 24-6 run, sparked by
Randolph. His jumper with 7:54 remaining cut the Jazz lead to
77-71. The Jazz began running Kirilenko to double-down on Randolph and
the Blazers offense started coming up empty. Randolph scored 14 of
Portland's 24 fourth-quarter points. On the other end, the Jazz got points from Williams, Okur,
Boozer and Kirilenko down the stretch. Utah outrebounded Portland 44-35. Paul Millsap had 11 points and
six rebounds in just 15 minutes for the Jazz. The Blazers struggled at the line, shooting just 12-of-23,
including 5-of-10 in the final period. Game notes Twice in the third quarter, the game was halted due to
problems with the game clock. ... Early in the fourth quarter, Juan
Dixon got a technical foul after arguing an illegal screen foul.
Nate McMillan was whistled for another technical 90 seconds later.
... The Jazz are 19-4 when Boozer gets a double-double and just 3-5
when he does not. 