MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) --  Mike Miller  was already getting his
shooting touch back when a jolt from Charlotte reserve center  Jake Voskuhl  really straightened out the  Memphis Grizzlies  forward. Miller scored 27 points, including 21 in the fourth quarter, to
lead the Grizzlies to their first win of the season, 96-83 over the
Bobcats on Friday night. Miller had keyed Memphis' fourth-quarter comeback when a hard
foul by Voskuhl put him down near the Grizzlies' basket with 6:50
remaining. Miller remained on the court through a 20-second timeout
and raised himself back to his feet, went to the line and hit both
free throws. Miller then scored 13 of the Grizzlies' next 15 points
as Memphis built a 10-point lead. "He got me pretty good," Miller said. "But it was a good
foul." "He couldn't miss a shot after that," Memphis guard Eddie
Jones said of Miller. "He was trying to miss shots and couldn't
miss one." Miller's 8-for-13 shooting performance, including 5-of-7 from
3-point range, overshadowed 21 points for Charlotte rookie Adam
Morrison as the Bobcats remained winless through the first two
games. Charlotte has lost all five games to the Grizzlies since the
Bobcats entered the league in 2004. "People need to realize that I need to go through a learning
curve like any other rookie," Morrison said. "I know the
expectations others have for me, and it's flattering. I just need
time to figure out what I can and can't get away with in this
league." Memphis erased a 72-60 deficit early in the fourth quarter with
13 straight points as Miller hit consecutive 3-pointers from the
left wing, and  Lawrence Roberts  had five points in the stretch. A
layup by  Chucky Atkins  with 8:48 left completed Memphis' comeback,
setting the stage for Miller's other scoring spurt that put the
game out of reach. "We had a 12-point lead, ... but basically self-destructed
shooting 50 to 55 percent from the line," Bobcats coach Bernie
Bickerstaff said. "That was our demise." Charlotte finished 16-of-29 from the line (55 percent). That,
coupled with Memphis getting 27 points off 19 Bobcat turnovers and
grabbing 19 offensive rebounds to only five for Charlotte, helped
the Grizzlies overcome a 36 percent shooting night. Morrison, the third overall pick out of Gonzaga, came off the
bench and displayed his shooting touch immediately. He finished
8-of-15 from the field, but was held scoreless in the final quarter
as  Dahntay Jones  clamped on defensive pressure. "He did a good job defensively staying with me off screens and
bodying me up," Morrison said. "He was doing a good job of
shutting me down." Jones said he started playing aggressive against Morrison in the
second half after picking up two early fouls against the rookie.
And he took a little advice from veteran guard  Eddie Jones . "You give one way to go, and you continue to trail him," Eddie
Jones said. "You trail him and once he catches the ball, you get
in front of him and make him shoot jump shots over the top of
you." Hakim Warrick  added 15 points for Memphis, while Eddie Jones had
10 despite going just 3-of-15 from the field. Miller had nine
rebounds. Brevin Knight  and  Gerald Wallace  both finished with 12 points
for Charlotte. Knight had seven assists. Morrison didn't start, but entered midway through the first
quarter when Knight got in early foul trouble. He missed one of his
first five shots and was already in double figures early in the
second quarter. He had 16 points as Charlotte took a 47-44 halftime
lead. Game notes Knight played for the Grizzlies from 2000-03. ... Wallace
was back in the lineup after leaving Wednesday night's game against
the Pacers with head and neck injuries. ... Memphis G Damon
Stoudamire, who did not play down the stretch in Wednesday's
triple-overtime loss to New York, was back in the lineup. The
Grizzlies said he had leg cramps and no damage to the knee he
previously injured. ... Memphis F  Stromile Swift  continues to nurse
a left ankle sprain and was on the inactive list again. 