MIAMI (AP) -- Sensing another game may be starting to slip away,
the  Miami Heat  predictably asked a guard to get them rolling. For a change, it wasn't  Dwyane Wade . Jason Kapono  came off the bench to score a career-high 27
points, Wade added 18 points and eight assists, and the Heat beat
the  Golden State Warriors  105-92 on Saturday night. Kapono had 15 points in the second quarter as the Heat took the
lead for good. "I got good quality looks and obviously my teammates did a good
job of finding me," said Kapono, whose previous career best was
25. "And the style of play, too. It was an open court game, there
were more shots out there to take and I was taking them." Alonzo Mourning  had 14 points and  Udonis Haslem  added 13 points
and 10 rebounds for the defending NBA champion Heat, who got back
to .500 at home (7-7) and tuned up for their Christmas Day showdown
against  Kobe Bryant  and the  Los Angeles Lakers  by holding the
Warriors to 37 percent shooting. Miami put six players in double figures, with  James Posey 
getting 13 and  Jason Williams  finishing with 10 points, nine
assists and six rebounds. Matt Barnes  had 20 points and 12 rebounds and  Jason Richardson 
scored 18 points on 7-of-19 shooting for Golden State, which saw
its modest -- but season-best -- two-game road winning streak
snapped. Mike Dunleavy  finished with 16 points and 11 rebounds for Golden
State, while  Baron Davis  -- one night after dropping 38 points on
Orlando in a 117-108 victory -- was held to 10 on 5-of-14 shooting. "We didn't really have anybody who played well enough to help
us stay in the thing," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "It was
one of those deals." Kapono outscored the Warriors' bench by himself, 27-26. It was
the first time in the Heat's last 21 games with Wade that someone
other than the reigning NBA finals MVP led Miami in scoring. Kapono hit 11 of 18 shots and finished with the eighth-best
scoring effort by a reserve in Heat history, only two points shy of
the team's off-the-bench mark.  Voshon Lenard  had 29 points in 1999
for the Miami reserve record, and there's been six 28-point efforts
by Heat reserves. "He's been solid at both ends of the court," Heat coach Pat
Riley said. "In the system he's been really good, effort has been
good and he's been playing very well offensively. He's one of our
key guys in the rotation now." Golden State lost guard  Monta Ellis  late in the third quarter
with an injured right shoulder. Ellis entered as the Warriors'
second-leading scorer, averaging 17.6 points. Barnes hit a 3-pointer with 10:27 left that got Golden State
within 85-71 before Kapono answered with a jumper from the left
corner on Miami's next possession, and the outcome wasn't really in
doubt from there. "Jason is one of the best shooters in the league," Wade said.
"He's got one of the quickest releases in the league. Once he's
moving and a team, when they play zone, sometimes they lose track
of the guy who's moving and we knew Jason would have a great
opportunity." Richardson had 14 points in the game's first 16:04, the last of
those coming on a jumper that put Golden State up 36-31. The
Warriors led much of the early going, despite missing 27 of their
first 43 shots even as Richardson got off to a hot start. But Kapono had 11 of his 19 first-half points in a 22-7 run over
the final 7:30 of the half, sending Miami into the break with a
53-43 lead. The margin wasn't less than 10 the rest of the way. "They started hitting some shots," Richardson said. "Kapono
got hot on us. He just went on a roll. We were staying in the game
until he got hot." Game notes Top price for seats offered by Heat season-ticket holders
to the Christmas Day game against the Los Angeles Lakers? $3,450
apiece, set of four, located eight rows behind the basket nearest
to the Miami bench. ... The Warriors used their 16th different
lineup of the season. ... Davis' first two shots were blocked, one
by Mourning, one by Wade, all in the first 2:48. ... Mourning
blocked Barnes twice around the basket in a 3-second span of the
first quarter. ... Kapono has matched a career-high by hitting a
3-pointer in nine consecutive games. ... Richardson started
6-for-11 from the floor, then went 1-for-8 the rest of the way. 