ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) -- The  Los Angeles Lakers  didn't need Kobe
Bryant's jumper during crunch time. They had  Smush Parker . Parker scored a season-high 20 points -- 18 of them in the third
quarter -- and Bryant had 27 points and seven assists to help the
Lakers beat the  Orlando Magic  106-93 Wednesday night. The Lakers picked up their third win on a tough six-game road
swing that ends at Charlotte on Friday.  Andrew Bynum  also had 13
points in 13 minutes against the Magic. "We can't be giving the Smush Parkers of the league quarters
like that," Magic coach Brian Hill said. "If it's Kobe it's
different." Grant Hill  had 20 points for Orlando, which has lost three
straight.  Jameer Nelson  added 15 points and seven assists, and
 Dwight Howard  had 12 points and eight rebounds. The Magic still have one of the best records (17-13) in the
Eastern Conference, but that might not last. Orlando has lost eight
of its last 11 games. "It's frustrating -- we can't get a win at home," Howard said. After scoring 15 points in the first half, Bryant virtually
disappeared in the third quarter. He hit three free throws but
missed all three field-goal attempts and didn't make a second-half
shot from the field until a 3-pointer 1:17 into the fourth quarter. The Lakers didn't need him. Parker scored nine points during a
14-3 run in the third quarter, and  Brian Cook  nailed a 3-pointer
just before the period ended to give Los Angeles a 79-73 lead. "We just ran our offense," Parker said. "We executed our
offense and I got open looks." The home-court sellout didn't help the Magic much. A smattering
of central Florida's enormous transplant population turned out for
the visiting Lakers, and those on the Magic's side sat quietly,
cheering loudest for a goofy home video clip show. It wasn't as if they didn't have anything to applaud. Nelson
consistently made layups in the crowded paint, and fed Howard
behind the back for a highlight-reel dunk.  Trevor Ariza  had eight
points in a 12-4 run that put Orlando ahead 37-25 in the second
quarter. But the Magic couldn't sustain any of their comfortable
leads. For the Lakers, it was a promising next step after stumbling in
the league's showcase game on Christmas at Miami. "We are getting better. It's just a matter of us growing,"
Bryant said. Luke Walton  and  Kwame Brown  each added 10 points for Los
Angeles. Orlando's  Hedo Turkoglu  had 12 points and five assists in his
first game back since spraining his ankle Dec. 8 against Detroit.
 Darko Milicic  had 13 points and eight rebounds, and Ariza finished
with 11 points and six rebounds. The Lakers cut a 12-point Magic lead in the second quarter to
one by halftime, using a 7-0 run sparked by  Keith Bogans ' foul on
 Sasha Vujacic . In 1:45,  Maurice Evans  hit a 3-pointer, Vujacic made
his two foul shots and Bryant drained a 19-foot jumper. Game notes Los Angeles played its eighth straight game without Lamar
Odom (sprained right knee ligament). Odom is the team's
second-leading scorer and leading rebounder. ... The Lakers have
won four in a row against Orlando. ... PGA pro Chris DiMarco was in
attendance. 