LOS ANGELES (AP) --  Gilbert Arenas  got on quite a roll, putting
up the most points in franchise history and more than anybody,
except Wilt Chamberlain, has scored against the Lakers. 
 Daily Dime 
 
 
 Lakers forward Luke Walton knew his former Arizona teammate, Gilbert Arenas, was in for a big night as soon as he heard about Arenas' allotment of tickets. 
 
"I knew when he had 70-some people coming to the game, he was going to go hard," Walton said of the Wizards guard. "He's a showman."  For more of  Ric Bucher's  analysis in the Daily Dime,  click here .
 
 
 In a Kobe-like performance, Arenas had 60 points and outscored
Los Angeles' Bryant by 15 Sunday night in the  Washington Wizards '
147-141 overtime victory. Arenas had 16 points in the 5-minute extra period, including 14
in a row for the Wizards during one stretch. His scoring total was the most against the Lakers in 40 years. Chamberlain, who played for the Warriors in Philadelphia and San
Francisco and then for the 76ers before joining the Lakers, scored
60 or more points against them multiple times, the last a 65-point
outing in 1966. Arenas went 17-of-32 from the floor, including 5-of-12 from
3-point range. He made 21 of his 27 free throws and had eight
assists and eight rebounds. Forty-three of his points came after
halftime. The previous franchise high was 56 by Earl Monroe on Feb. 13,
1968 -- also against the Lakers in overtime -- when the Wizards were
the Baltimore Bullets. "It was bound to happen," Arenas said. "I'm a scorer, so I
was going to have one of those days where I was clicking. Most of
the time when I've scored 46 in three quarters, we were blowing the
other team out, so I didn't get to play in the fourth. "But tonight was that time. It was a close game and I stayed
in. I found the rhythm, especially in the fourth quarter and in
overtime, and I never looked back." Arenas' previous high was 47 points, against Miami last Dec. 30. Asked how the Wizards' guard scored so many, Bryant said,
"First of all, he shot 27 free throws. We as a team shot 30. Think
about that." Washington shot 60 free throws and made 47. Bryant added, "Some of the shots he took tonight, you miss
those, they're just terrible shots, just awful. You make them and
they're unbelievable shots." Lakers coach Phil Jackson said Arenas was spectacular. "He made a lot of different shots, drives, 3-pointers, and
still had that energy left to finish that game off," Jackson said. Bryant, coming off a 53-point performance his previous game,
went 15-of-24 from the floor and 8-of-10 from the line. He made
7-of-11 from beyond the arc, part of the Lakers' franchise-record
44 shots from 3-point range. They made 19, including 5-of-9 by
 Vladimir Radmanovic . Bryant, who scored just four points in overtime, finished with
10 assists and eight rebounds. Antawn Jamison  had 25 points and 13 rebounds for Washington, and
 Caron Butler  scored 27. Radmanovic, starting in place of the
injured  Lamar Odom , had 27 points, and  Luke Walton  had 15 points
and a career-high 11 assists. Washington led by as many as 17 early in the fourth quarter, but
the Lakers came back to catch them at 126-all and send the game
into overtime. The victory was the Wizards' fourth in five games against the
Lakers, but only their second in the last 14 meetings in Los
Angeles. Washington also won for just the third time overall in 11
road games this season, and the Lakers lost at home for only the
fourth time in 17 games. Arenas had 12 points in the third quarter, including a 3 with 31
seconds left to put Washington ahead 90-80 to start the fourth
period. Washington was up 59-49 at halftime, with Jamison scoring 17
points and pulling down eight rebounds. Arenas also had 17
first-half points. Bryant, who took only one shot in the first quarter and whose
only points came on a pair of free throws, scored 16 in the second
quarter. Arenas scored 12 points on 6-of-9 shooting in the first quarter,
Jamison had 10 points, and  DeShawn Stevenson  added four for all the
Wizards' points in their 26-20 lead. Radmanovic had 10 points to help Los Angeles stay close. Game notes Bryant had scored his season-high 53 points as Los Angeles
came from 21 points down to beat Houston in double-overtime on
Friday. ... The Wizards' 11-point victory over Miami on Friday had
put them at .500 for the first time since they won three of their
first six this season. ... Washington was without C  Etan Thomas ,
not on the trip because of a sprained left ankle. Los Angeles F
Odom is out for at least a month with a sprained right knee. 