DALLAS (AP) -- Maurice Cheeks is tired of talking about Allen
Iverson, and frustrated by the  Philadelphia 76ers ' longest losing
streak in 10 years. Yet, the coach is having a hard time faulting the players he has
left. Even after they lost their 10th straight, 93-79 to the Dallas
Mavericks on Friday night. "I don't know how many games we've lost. ... I'm not even
thinking about that," Cheeks insisted. "I like our effort. I
thought our effort was great. If we keep getting that type of
effort we've been getting, we'll be OK." Still, things are getting harder. Already without Iverson, the 2001 NBA MVP and the face of the
franchise for 11 seasons who sat out his fifth straight game while
the 76ers try to fulfill his demand for a trade, Philadelphia had
to play without starting forward  Chris Webber  (sprained right
ankle). Philadelphia made its first three shots and led 6-2 before Jason
Terry sparked the Mavericks to 21 points in a row over a
seven-minute span. Even after trailing by 20 before halftime, the
76ers got within three points late in the third quarter before
Terry hit a 3-pointer. "Philly showed how much pride they have. They were not going to
quit on themselves or their coach," Mavericks coach  Avery Johnson 
said. The 76ers have their longest losing streak since dropping 13
games in a row from Dec. 28, 1996, through Jan. 20, 1997, during
Iverson's rookie year. Iverson hasn't been with the 76ers for the past week while they
try to work out a deal with another team. When asked about Iverson,
Cheeks said his "energies are focused on trying to win a game, and
not the extra things." Terry scored 18 points to lead six players in double figures for
Dallas, which has consecutive wins for the first time in December. The Mavericks had alternated losses and wins their past six
games since a 12-game winning streak. They never trailed in a
110-101 victory over the  Los Angeles Lakers  on Wednesday night. Andre Iguodala  led Philadelphia with 17 points, and  Willie Green 
and  Samuel Dalembert  each had 16. Josh Howard  had 15 points and eight rebounds for the Mavs, while
 Dirk Nowitzki  (on 5-of-14 shooting),  Devin Harris  and  Greg Buckner 
had 13 points apiece.  Erick Dampier  had 12 points and eight
rebounds. Terry had a pair of 3-pointers that sandwiched his assist to
Harris for a fast-break slam in the spurt that put Dallas up 23-6
in the first quarter. Philadelphia got within 61-58 when Green hit a 15-foot jumper
with 2:35 left in the third quarter. That ended a 22-8 run in which
Dalembert scored eight of his 16 points. "It's real important right now to develop habits with this
team. I thought the guys showed a lot of character coming back,"
said  Kyle Korver , who had 13 points and seven rebounds starting in
Webber's spot. "We obviously can't start down like that against a
team like Dallas when you're as young as us. That's the story of
the game." But Terry hit another 3-pointer and Philadelphia never got
closer. "We made it hard on ourselves. We could have done a better job
of controlling the game," Nowitzki said. "We haven't played great
the last 7-10 days, so every game is a test for us right now. We
couldn't sustain that early energy to put them away." Webber got hurt in Wednesday night's game against Boston. He
missed practice Thursday and Friday morning's shootaround, though
he did some shooting on the court before the game. Korver made a 23-footer on Philadelphia's first shot 33 seconds
into the game, and Johnson quickly called a timeout. The 76ers made their first three shots and led 6-2, but had only
11 points at the end of the first, the lowest for a Mavericks
opponent in any quarter this season. Philadelphia's 34 at halftime,
when it trailed by 15 points, was the lowest first-half total
against Dallas this season. Game notes A moment of silence was observed before the game in memory
of Lamar Hunt, the NFL pioneer and Kansas City Chiefs owner who
lived in Dallas. Hunt died Wednesday night. ...  Jerry Stackhouse 
missed his fourth straight game for Dallas with a strained groin.
... The 76ers have lost nine straight road games. The last time
they lost nine in a row on the road was the 1996-97 season, part of
their 13-game losing streak. They play at San Antonio on Saturday
night. ... The Mavs are 5-0 in the second game of back-to-backs
this season. They play Saturday night in New Orleans, coach
Johnson's hometown. 