NEW ORLEANS (AP) -- The Hornets had watched the New Orleans
Saints' triumphant return to this rebuilding city and were
determined to experience the same type of euphoria in their home
opener. "You don't want to come out here with all the press and all
these people and send them home disappointed," Hornets forward
 David West  said. "We wanted to make sure we sent them home
happy." West played a leading role in doing just that Sunday night,
scoring 22 points while  Chris Paul  tied a career high with 16
assists as the Hornets beat the  Houston Rockets  96-90 for their
third victory in three games. Peja Stojakovic  overcame cold shooting in his first two games
and hit five 3-pointers, finishing with 16 points as the Hornets
brought the fans in a sellout crowd of 18,202 to their feet as the
final seconds ticket away. Like the Saints, the Hornets also won their first two games of
the season on the road to set the stage for their first home opener
in New Orleans since they were displaced to Oklahoma City by
Hurricane Katrina before the start of last season. Still based in
Oklahoma, the Hornets will play five more games in New Orleans this
season before their planned full-time return in 2007-08. "As well as the Saints have been doing, we felt like we had to
do our part," said Paul, who spoke by phone to Saints rookie
Reggie Bush after the Saints' victory in Tampa Bay started what
turned out to be a good day for local sports fans. Pro sports have been good to the long-suffering fans here so far
this fall, with both the Saints and Hornets winning home openers
before exuberant sellout crowds and surging to the top of the
standings early in their respective seasons. "I don't see why it can't be Hornets and Saints fever at the
same time," Paul said. "We root for them. They root for us." Houston appeared ready to put a damper on the night when Luther
Head's short jumper gave the Rockets a 77-76 lead with about nine
minutes to go. But the Hornets surged ahead with a 14-3 run that
began with  Tyson Chandler 's rebound and dunk. Chandler had another putback during the run while reserve Bobby
Jackson, who had 12 points, added a three-point play on a
fast-break layup after he had stolen the ball from  Tracy McGrady . Shane Battier  led Houston with 18 points, while  Yao Ming ,
hindered by early foul trouble, finished with 17, 12 points below
his average through Houston's first two games. McGrady scored 14
but was only 5-of-15 from the field as Houston shot only 40.5
percent, including 9-of-27 from 3-point range. "Yao and Tracy are the main cogs on our team and everything we
do is focusing on them, so when Yao is not out there it totally
changes the dynamic of our team," Battier said. "We did a decent
job of staying in the game without one of our two best players.
It's much better when he's out there." Rafer Alston  had 13 points for Houston and Head finished with
10. Paul scored 12 points and directed the hard-running Hornets to a
19-0 advantage on fast-break points.  Rasual Butler  scored 11 for
New Orleans, hitting all three 3-pointers he took. "We talked about trying to get up and down the court as fast as
we can. It is a point of emphasis every time we play Houston that
we try to play up-tempo," Hornets coach Byron Scott said. Yao had three fouls in the first five minutes of the game and
spent the rest of the half on the bench. He ended up playing less
than 28 minutes for the whole game. New Orleans took advantage, turning an early five-point deficit
into a lead as large as 11. With Paul pushing the ball up the
floor, the Hornets finished the first half with a 16-0 advantage in
fast-break points. Paul had 10 points and 10 assists in the first half alone, and
the Hornets shot 51 percent through the opening two periods for a
48-42 lead at halftime. Game notes Although this was technically the Hornets' first
home-opener in New Orleans since Hurricane Katrina, it was their
fourth game in the city since the storm as they returned for three
games last March. NBA commissioner David Stern attended the game
and said the Hornets' full-time return is certain for at least the
next couple years as the league monitors the city's rebuilding. ...
The Hornets are playing in four home openers to begin the season.
They were the guests for the first two in Boston and Indiana. Next
they have their second home opener in their second home, Oklahoma
City, on Tuesday. ... Stojakovic, New Orleans' highest-profile
acquisition in the offseason, had been 2-of-9 on 3-pointers and
7-of-25 overall from the field in his first two games. 