SAN ANTONIO (AP) -- Without  Shaquille O'Neal , the  Miami Heat  aren't playing championship-caliber basketball. "We just don't have any respect for winning," the Heat's  Udonis Haslem  said after a 106-86 loss to the  San Antonio Spurs  on Wednesday night. Elias Says With its victory over Miami, San Antonio replaced Boston as the team with the second-highest all-time regular-season winning percentage among current NBA teams, behind the Lakers.  With the exception of brief appearances by upstart franchises within the first week of their inaugural season (Vancouver and Toronto, both in 1995, and Orlando six years earlier), the Lakers and Celtics have ranked one-two (in either order) in all-time winning percentage for current NBA franchises since March 30, 1988, when a Bucks loss dropped them below the Lakers into the third spot in the all-time league standings.  The top five teams: Lakers (2,814-1,762, .615, including Minneapolis Lakers); Spurs (1,445-995, .5922); Celtics (2,774-1,912, .5919); Suns (1,703 -1,392, .550); 76ers (2,430-2,081, .539, including Syracuse Nationals). 
   For more Elias Says,  Click here Tim Duncan  scored 19 points, and  Tony Parker  and  Manu Ginobili  each added 17 for the Spurs. Ginobili had a season-high 25 points Monday at Portland. "I think Manu in the last week and a half has felt good," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. "I think he's starting to get in playing shape." Brent Barry  had 15 points and  Beno Udrih , who may be proving to be a reliable backup to Parker, added 13 for the Spurs, who had an easy time of it Wednesday. Dwyane Wade  scored 18 points for the Heat (4-7).  Earl Barron  added 15 and  Alonzo Mourning  had 10. Heat coach Pat Riley said his team, which went 33-of-74 from the field (45 percent), "just let it go." "In the second quarter we just stopped playing, we got frustrated. We went from competing in the first quarter to stop communicating with each other and then we started to complain," Riley said. "And then we got disgusted of ourselves and then we went from disgusting to discouraging to despicable." The defending NBA champions sounded frustrated and confused while complaining about a lack of communication and being in a funk. "We just have these lulls where we don't score the basketball and other teams are scoring these runs. We just break down mentally," forward  Antoine Walker  said. Popovich didn't focus on Miami's difficulties so much as his own team's success. "Obviously, Miami is under some tough circumstances right now," he said. "The main thing we were able to take away was that we were able to keep our focus." Parker also made note of Miami's missing big man, who is out four to six weeks after surgery on his left knee. "A win is a win," he said. "Obviously, Miami is not the same team without Shaq, but we still have to play. I thought tonight everyone played well." The Spurs led for all but 20 seconds of the first quarter and were ahead 19-18 in the second before blowing open the game. San Antonio extended the lead to 10 midway through the quarter with two 3-pointers from Barry and help from Duncan, who was left smiling after he missed an easy dunk but got the rebound and added two points with a layup. Barry added two more with free throws and rattled in another 3-pointer, putting the Spurs ahead 57-38 at the break. Parker had 17 in the half, with seven of those coming in the last 1:41. He was followed by Duncan and Barry, each with 11. Wade led the Heat with 13 in the half. The league's crackdown on complaining was in effect, with the Heat's  Gary Payton  getting a technical foul in the second for complaining about one given to Wade just moments earlier. Two buckets from Wade in a 36-second span of the third cut the Heat's deficit to 14. But Duncan and Ginobili had eight points apiece in the period, helping San Antonio take a 23-point lead heading down the final stretch. Despite outscoring the Spurs in the final quarter, Miami got no closer than 19, even after both coaches pulled their starters. "Even though we are not at full strength, we are not performing to the best of our abilities," Wade said. Game notes  Both of 10-2 San Antonio's losses have come at home. They are 6-0 on the road. ... Barry was still sporting a bandage Wednesday from a run in Sunday in Sacramento with the Kings'  Ronnie Price , which required 12 stitches and left a 2-inch gash above the left side of his forehead. 