HOUSTON (AP) -- Dunks, layups and turnaround jumpers on one end,
blocked shots and rebounds at the other. Yao Ming  did it all on Friday night, scoring 35 points, grabbing
17 boards and matching a career high with seven blocks in the
 Houston Rockets ' 103-94 victory over the  New York Knicks .
 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Yao Yao Ming had 35 points, 17 rebounds and seven blocks in the Rockets' victory over the Knicks. Since the start of the 1990-91 season, only one other NBA player had at least 35 points, 17 rebounds and seven blocks in one game: Shaquille O'Neal, who had 41-17-7 for the Lakers against Chicago on Nov. 19, 1999. 
 For more Elias Says,  Click here .
 
 
 "Coach [Jeff Van Gundy] has told me there are two things that
if you do them well, you play well. One of them is rebound, the
other is block shots," Yao said. "I think he just wants me to
have more energy on the defensive side." He still had some left over after the game. After playing 38
minutes, Yao headed straight to the weight room in anticipation of
Sunday's meeting with  Shaquille O'Neal  and the  Miami Heat . "I've got another big guy coming," Yao said. "I want to be
ready for him." Yao's postgame detour didn't surprise teammate  Shane Battier . "He's a worker," Battier said. "He's the first one at
practice every day and he's one of the last ones to leave. A player
does not become dominant like he is becoming by watching highlights
on ESPN." Yao hit 15 of 21 shots and also had a steal and two assists as
the Rockets beat the Knicks for the fourth straight time. Tracy McGrady  and  Rafer Alston  scored 13 points apiece for the
Rockets, who shot 55 percent (40-of-73) and outrebounded New York
45-33. McGrady went 4-for-12 and had eight assists, but the six-time
All-Star realizes even he's in a supporting role when Yao plays
like this. "It's crazy to me," McGrady said. "If I go out and have a
subpar game and I don't shoot the ball well or play well and I get
13 points, every team I've been on, we're going to lose that game. "The role is kind of reversed now. I'm the distributor and I
like that role." McGrady can't wait to see how Yao performs on Sunday -- and even
gave Shaq some bulletin-board material to ponder. "I don't care who you try to match up against him, I don't care
who you say is the most dominant," McGrady said. "No. 11 on my
team, hands down, is the best center in the league." Stephon Marbury  scored 22 points,  Jamal Crawford  had 18 and
 Quentin Richardson  added 16 for the Knicks. Eddy Curry , outmuscled by Yao most of the night, went 2-for-11
from the field and scored seven points with five rebounds. "Oh, man, it was bad out there," Curry said. "But you've got
to give credit to Yao. He played me great." Yao hit five of his first seven shots, dominating Curry from the
start with baseline jumpers and quick drives. He blocked a shot by
Curry at the other end, then took a pass from Alston for an easy
dunk to give Houston a 12-4 lead. The Knicks missed 11 of their first 17 shots, enabling the
Rockets to keep the lead despite an 0-for-5 start by McGrady. He
came into the game averaging 19.6 points, but shooting only 40.5
percent from the field. Yao cooled off, but remained a force on defense, blocking five
shots -- four by Curry -- in the first half. Yao had 18 points and
seven rebounds at the break. "He's never been that active," Curry said. "Man, playoff
form, All-Star form, I don't know. I've never seen Yao like that." Yao hit a turnaround jumper and a hook shot, then drove past
Curry for a layup during a 14-4 Houston run to open the second
half. McGrady finished the spurt with a 3-pointer from the top of
the key to put the Rockets up 68-50. The Knicks rallied from 12 down with eight minutes left to beat
Denver on Wednesday and trimmed a 19-point Houston lead to 10 early
in the fourth quarter Friday. New York coach Isiah Thomas went to a small lineup and tried
6-foot-8 rookie Renaldo Balkman on Yao. Balkman got a steal from
Yao on one possession, but Yao had an easy lay-in on the Rockets'
next trip down the floor to put Houston up 87-75. "When they keep changing and putting different men on me," Yao
said, "that makes me feel like I'm having success." The Knicks twice got within eight, but  Luther Head  and then
Alston sank answering 3-pointers to keep New York at bay. Nate Robinson , at 5-foot-9, dunked off a missed shot and Marbury
buried a 3-pointer to cut Houston's lead to 99-93 with a 1:15 to
go. Thomas is encouraged by the way his team is finishing games. "I am really proud of how hard we fight and I told my players
that," he said. "Right now, we don't need to focus on losses
because if we keep playing hard, we are going to get better as the
season goes on." This time, the Rockets held them off. McGrady coolly sank two free throws and Yao added two more in
the final minute. Game notes New York's  Steve Francis  sat out for the second straight
game with a sprained left ankle. Francis played for the Rockets
from 1999-04. He and Yao embraced at midcourt when the game ended.
... McGrady banked in an off-balance 3-pointer off with 1.1 seconds
left in the first half to give the Rockets a 54-46 lead. ... The
Rockets' four-game win streak over the Knicks is their longest in
the 119-game history of the series. ... The Rockets have
outrebounded their last four opponents by 10 or more. 