TORONTO (AP) --  Luol Deng  shook off a sprained wrist to help the  Chicago Bulls  keep up their dominance over the  Toronto Raptors . 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 The Bulls have won 15 straight games against the Raptors; it's the third-longest current winning streak for one NBA team against another. The Mavericks have won 19 consecutive games against the Hornets and the Spurs have won 17 in a row against the Celtics.  For more Elias Says,  click here 
 
 
 Deng scored 25 points and  Ben Gordon  added 22 to lead the Bulls to their 15th straight victory over the Raptors, 107-97 on Friday night. Deng had 19 points in the second half for the Bulls, who shot a season-high 59.7 percent. Chicago has not lost to Toronto since Dec. 6, 2002, when it ended a 16-game losing streak to the Raptors. "We always seem to have our way, defensively and offensively. We do a really good job of carving them up," Gordon said. Deng sprained his right wrist when he was fouled by Miami's  James Posey  in Chicago's victory on Wednesday and there was some doubt he would play, but he looked fine against Toronto. He also had six rebounds and finished 11-for-16 from the field. "I kept taking shots so it would stay loose," Deng joked. "It felt good." The Bulls lost their previous three road games. "It was a big win for us," said Deng, whose team is just 5-10 on the road. T.J. Ford  had 20 points for the Raptors, who fell to 6-5 without leading scorer  Chris Bosh  (injured left knee.) Bosh has missed 11 straight games and is expected to miss one more game before returning Jan. 3 against Phoenix. Ford sprained his right ankle late in the game. He's listed as day-to-day. Toronto's  Anthony Parker  said the Raptors have a tough time matching up against Chicago. Parker said Deng and Gordon were the difference. "I think I need to go out and hurt my wrist or something," Parker said. "Deng shot 11-for-16. Some of them were tough shots, with hands in his face." Toronto allowed a season-high shooting percentage. "It was like Deng didn't miss a shot," Toronto coach  Sam Mitchell  said. Chris Duhon 's 3-pointer capped a 16-6 run to start the fourth quarter, giving Chicago a 17-point lead -- its biggest of the game. Deng's jumper made it 101-89 with 4:21 left, but Toronto's  Morris Peterson  capped a run 7-0 with a 3-pointer to cut the lead to six with 2:38 left. Ben Wallace  followed with a layup,  P.J. Brown  made two free throws and Gordon made a jumper to give Chicago a 10-point lead with 1:36 left. "We dug down deep at the end. Right now we just have their number and hopefully we can keep that number," Duhon said, smiling. Kirk Hinrich  scored 12 of his 16 points in the first half, including two 3-pointers in the final two minutes. Chicago outscored Toronto 26-14 in the second to take an eight-point lead into halftime. Andrea Bargnani , the No. 1 pick in the draft, had 16 points, including four 3-pointers. He went 1-for-4 from behind the arc in the second half. Game notes  Ford had seven of Toronto's 19 turnovers. Chicago had 20 turnovers. ... New Toronto starter  Joey Graham  had 17 points. ... Ford has scored more than 20 in four straight. ... Attendance was 19,800, Toronto's fifth sellout of the season. 