SALT LAKE CITY (AP) -- The  Sacramento Kings  got a lesson in how
tenuous a big lead at home can be when they blew a 21-point margin
and lost to the  Utah Jazz  last month. On Friday, the Kings reminded the Jazz that what happened in
Sacramento can happen just as easily in Salt Lake City. Sacramento rallied from a 16-point deficit to beat Utah 98-97,
overcoming its worst period of the season with one of its best. "In this league, teams will let you back in. You've just got to
play hard," said  Mike Bibby , who scored 14 of his 19 points in the
second half. Bibby scored seven of Sacramento's 13 points in the third
quarter, then the Kings scored 32 in the fourth and evened the
season series with Utah at 1-1. Shareef Abdur-Rahim  scored 21, including the go-ahead 3-pointer
with 59 seconds left to play. The Jazz entered the game with the NBA's best record and had
lost just once at home this season, but couldn't score after Carlos
Boozer put them up 97-93 with 1:36 left to play. Utah's Derek
Fisher and  Deron Williams  bounced shots off the rim in the last few
seconds and Jazz fans seemed shocked when the buzzer sounded and
their team hadn't pulled off another victory. "The team never quit," Sacramento coach Eric Musselman said.
"A team that didn't believe in themselves or wasn't resilient or
wasn't desperate for a win probably could lose that game in double
digits." The Kings had lost six of seven but were definitely sharper at
the end, holding the Jazz to 6-for-15 shooting in the fourth
quarter. "They just kept playing and playing," Utah coach Jerry Sloan
said. "They just kept coming at us." Williams had 15 points and nine assists and Boozer finished with
14 points and 11 rebounds for his 17th double-double of the season.
 Andrei Kirilenko  added 11 points and 11 boards and  Mehmet Okur 
scored 14 for the Jazz. But none of them did much in the fourth quarter, when Utah's
starters scored a combined six points and couldn't stop the Kings. "When we're making shots, we're a lot better defensive team,"
Sloan said. "We've got to learn how to play when teams start
pushing us around a little bit." It was quite similar to Utah's 110-101 win in Sacramento on Nov.
22, when the Kings blew a 21-point lead and lost at home. After falling behind 88-72 on a jumper by  Gordan Giricek  early
in the fourth quarter Friday, the Kings slowly rallied and erased
the huge deficit.  Ron Artest , who scored 11, made a 3-pointer that
cut the margin to 88-75, starting a 21-5 run for the Kings. Bibby converted a three-point play with 1:58 remaining to get
Sacramento within 95-93. Utah led 97-95 with less than a minute to
play when Abdur-Rahim got the ball alone in the corner and put up a
3 that gave Sacramento a 98-97 lead with 59 seconds left. "I knew I was due," Abdur-Rahim said. "If you look at my
career, you know, I've shot a decent percent. When I'm open, I'll
shoot them." Boozer was off on a layup attempt with about 40 seconds left,
and after  Kevin Martin  missed a shot for Sacramento, Utah had a
chance to win it at the end. Fisher had a good look from the corner, but the ball bounced off
the rim. Kirilenko got the ball back out to Williams with about 5
seconds left, but Williams' attempt from beyond the arc was off and
the Kings grabbed the rebound. "We got some stops, steals rebounds and we were pushing back at
them," Bibby said. "Guys played hard, moving the ball and trying
to win the game instead of everybody trying to do it themselves."
 Game notes Sacramento's previous low for scoring in a quarter was 14.
... The Jazz haven't won the season series against Sacramento since
going 3-1 in 1999-00. ... Giricek scored 12 points after sitting
through the last three games. ... The Jazz are 15-2 when Boozer has
a double-double. ... Jazz owner Larry Miller presented Sloan with
the game ball from his 1,000th win before the game, Utah's first at
home since Sloan reached the milestone Monday. 