INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- The  Indiana Pacers  played their best
defensive game of the season to spoil  Tracy McGrady 's return to the
Houston lineup. McGrady finished with 19 points but shot 7-for-22 from the field
in the Pacers' 81-76 victory Tuesday night. He had seven turnovers,
including two critical ones in the final two minutes while the
Rockets were trying to come back. 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 McGrady Tracy McGrady returned to action for Houston after missing seven games, but the rust showed. McGrady shot 7-for-22 with five assists and seven turnovers. It's been over two years since a player made less than one-third of his field goals (min. 20 attempts), with at least seven turnovers and an assist/turnover ratio below one. Carmelo Anthony (7/23, 3 A, 7 TO) was the last to do it, on Dec. 12, 2004.  
 For more Elias Says,  Click here .
 
 
 McGrady had missed seven games with back spasms. "It's pretty tough being out," McGrady said. "This league is
too good to come back and think you're going to have an impact
right away. I thought I did some things great out there, but for
the most part, I was a little rusty, fatigued. Made a lot of
fatigue mistakes and it's just going to take me a few games to get
into game shape." Indiana's  Stephen Jackson , who guarded McGrady for most of the
game, said it still was a tough matchup. McGrady averaged 19
points, six rebounds and six assists before sitting out. "He's one of those guys that you've just got to make him
work," Jackson said. "You've got to make him take tough shots.
You've got to let him know you're there the whole game. He's not
one of those guys you can flat out stop." The Pacers allowed a season-low point total for the second
straight game, and did it without their enforcer,  Jermaine O'Neal .
The 6-foot-11 center, who leads the league in blocked shots and
tops the Pacers in scoring and rebounding, sat out with flu-like
symptoms. The Rockets were playing their first game since All-Star center
 Yao Ming  was lost for at least six weeks with a fractured bone
beneath his right knee. Indiana forward  Al Harrington  took
advantage with 23 points and 14 rebounds. "We wanted to get the ball inside to Al and he delivered a lot
tonight," Indiana coach Rick Carlisle said. "We knew we needed Al
to have a big game and get four or five guys in double figures." Jamaal Tinsley  scored 17 points, Jackson and  Danny Granger  added
13 points each and  Jeff Foster  had 16 rebounds for the Pacers. Rafer Alston  had 15 points and  Shane Battier  had 14 points and
10 rebounds for Houston. Indiana pulled ahead 74-73 when Foster made the first of two
free throws with 1:44 remaining. On the next possession, McGrady
tried to drive but Tinsley stripped him, eventually leading to
Harrington's bucket with 49 seconds left. McGrady missed a jumper, then turned the ball over again,
leading to Granger's two free throws with 20 seconds left that
increased Indiana's lead to 78-73. Alston came back with a 3-pointer for Houston with 16 seconds
left to cut Indiana's lead to 78-76. Indiana's  Darrell Armstrong  made the second of two free throws
with 16 seconds left to bump the lead to 79-76. Houston's Luther
Head missed a wild 3-pointer as the clock wound down, and Armstrong
rebounded and made two free throws to seal it. The Rockets fell to 14-7 with McGrady in the lineup. Houston had possession in the closing seconds of the first half
with the teams tied at 39, but the Rockets turned it over and
Jackson made two free throws with 0.8 seconds left in the half to
take a 41-39 lead into the break. Indiana shot 29 percent from the
field in the first half but had 12 offensive rebounds and forced 13
turnovers. The Rockets opened the second half on a 13-4 run that included a
3-pointer and a 3-point play by Battier to take a 52-45 lead. The Pacers stayed close with three baskets by Harrington, and a
jumper by Jackson gave the Pacers a 60-58 lead with 2:58 left in
the third quarter. Indiana held the Rockets scoreless for the last
4:14 of the period and led 62-58 after three. The Pacers held Houston to 23 percent shooting in the fourth
quarter. "We didn't play well offensively," Houston coach Jeff Van
Gundy said. "You can't turn the ball over like we did tonight and
expect to win, especially on the road. We were discombobulated out
there." Game notes Indiana rookie  Shawne Williams  got his first career start
against the Rockets. The 20-year-old filled in the spot vacated by
O'Neal. He didn't score and had two rebounds in 11 minutes. ...
After allowing 100 or more points for four straight games, Houston
has kept its past four opponents under the century mark. ...
Houston F  Bonzi Wells , a Muncie, Ind., native, had 11 points and
six rebounds off the bench in a return to his home state. 