CHICAGO -- Scott Skiles wasn't too excited after watching
his team put on a defensive clinic in the third quarter. 	    Chris Duhon  scored 17 points and the  Chicago Bulls  held the
 Atlanta Hawks  without a field goal in the third quarter in a 106-81
victory Tuesday night. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 You don't see this every day: The Bulls held the Hawks without a field goal for the entire third quarter in Chicago's 106-81 victory. Atlanta shot 0-for-16 from the floor during the period, and all eight of its points came from the free-throw line.  It was the first quarter this season in which an NBA team held its opponent without a field goal. It happened once last season (Sacramento shot 0-for-20 in the fourth quarter in Salt Lake City on Feb. 3, 2006) and once the previous season (Detroit went 0-for-15 in the fourth quarter vs. Utah on March 13, 2005, but the Pistons won the game).
 
 Read more  Elias Says .
 
 
 

   It was the first time the Bulls held a team without a field goal
in a quarter. Atlanta was outscored 28-8 in the third quarter and
finished the period 0-for-16 from the field. 	   Skiles thought the Bulls have played better defense this season. 	   "Our defense was good, not great. We have played better defense
than that stretch. We were good and they just missed some shots.
When they had opportunities, we fouled them and they weren't
able to get the shot off," said Skiles. 	   A big reason to the Hawks' offensive woes was Chicago limiting
Atlanta's  Joe Johnson  to nine points. Johnson, who came in the game
averaging 25.1 points, was held to 2-of-12 shooting. 	   "We did a good job. We've done that in stretches all year,
we're just trying to find it more consistently," said Kirk
Hinrich, who covered Johnson. 	    Salim Stoudamire  gave the Hawks their first basket of the second
half on a three-point play with 10:34 left in the game. 	   "We just couldn't score. That's the bottom line," said Josh
Childress. "I don't think they turned up the defense at all. It
was just us. We couldn't get it going." 	   Hinrich and  Luol Deng  added 16 points each for the Bulls, who
won for just the second time in seven games. 	   Leading 48-43 at the half, the Bulls opened the third quarter by
outscoring Atlanta 20-3. Hinrich made a 3 and Duhon's free throw
put Chicago up 67-46 with 4:17 left in the third quarter. 	   The Bulls played much of the third quarter without  Ben Gordon 
who suffered a left thigh bruise when he was fouled by  Royal Ivey 
early in the quarter. Gordon never returned and finished with six
points. Gordon said after the game he was available if needed. 	   Childress scored 16 points to lead the Hawks, who shot 35.6
percent from the field. 	   Hinrich had 11 of his 16 points in the first half and Deng added
10. 	    P.J. Brown  finished the game with 11 points and nine rebounds
for Chicago and  Malik Allen  added 12 points off the bench. Game Notes Chicago forward  Andres Nocioni  missed his seventh straight
game with plantar fasciitis in his right foot. ... Hawks guard
 Tyronn Lue  missed the game with a sore left hamstring. ... The
Hawks are the first team to fail to convert a field goal in a
quarter since the Kings did it in February, 2006. 