OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) --  Richard Hamilton  gave the  Detroit Pistons 
the driving force they needed with their All-Star point guard on
the bench. 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Richard Hamilton Richard Hamilton scored 15 straight points for the Pistons in the first quarter of their game against the Hornets. It was the second time this season that Hamilton scored 15 straight points for his team (he also did it Dec. 5 vs. Portland). The longest such streak in the NBA this season belongs to Peja Stojakovic, who scored 20 straight points for the Hornets on Nov. 14 against Charlotte. 
 For more Elias Says,  Click here .
 
 
 Hamilton set the tempo by scoring 15 of his 27 points during one
first-quarter stretch, and the Pistons hardly missed Chauncey
Billups in their 92-68 victory over the New Orleans Hornets on
Thursday night. "I think that our game plan coming into the game was to try to
hit first more than anything. Be the aggressor. Don't be
backpedaling," Hamilton said. "A lot of times when we play teams
like this, we kind of ease our way into the game. I wanted to make
a statement from the beginning, to tell the guys on the team: `Yo!
I'm coming at these dudes. You better come on with me." In one span, Hamilton outscored the Hornets 15-6 to turn a
one-point deficit into a 22-14 lead. The Pistons never trailed
again. "We just wanted to make a statement from the beginning of the
game, control the tempo," Hamilton said. "I knew I had to be
aggressive but I had to figure out when to take shots, when to get
my teammates open and things like that." Billups, who missed his second straight game with a strained
right calf, was impressed with the way his backcourt mate took over
a leadership role. "Rip is our No. 1 option even when I'm out there," said
Billups, who is expected to miss about 10 more days. "For him, to
have me down, he knows that he has to come up really big, be
super-aggressive and do some things that sometimes he might not be
accustomed to doing." Detroit coach Flip Saunders has seen more of that from Hamilton
lately. "He's really stepped up vocally a lot more so than he had, even
as far as a year ago," Saunders said. Of course, Hamilton also has the basketball skills to go with it
-- as he showed by shooting 6-of-7 during his scoring streak. "When Rip gets in that mode where he gets a couple and you see
he's got that bounce in his step, what you do is you let him go,"
Saunders said. The Pistons snapped a three-game losing streak as the Hornets
were unable to climb out of a 26-point halftime hole without
starters  Chris Paul  (sprained right ankle),  Peja Stojakovic  (back
surgery) and  David West  (right elbow surgery). New Orleans got within 75-63 after  Cedric Simmons ' two-handed,
alley-oop jam early in the fourth quarter. The Hornets then missed
three shots that would have cut the deficit to 10 points or less. Jason Maxiell  came back with a hook shot and then set up
 Tayshaun Prince  for an alley-oop jam of his own as Detroit put away
the game with a 13-0 run. Prince finished with 15 points and 10 rebounds,  Carlos Delfino 
scored 13 points and Maxiell added 12.  Antonio McDyess  scored 10
and  Rasheed Wallace  pulled down 10 rebounds for the Pistons. Jannero Pargo  led the Hornets with 16 points,  Desmond Mason 
added 15 and reserve  Devin Brown  scored 14.  Tyson Chandler  grabbed
16 rebounds for New Orleans, which lost for the 10th time in its
last 12 games. The Hornets, who rank last in the NBA in scoring, had their
lowest output of the season. "If you don't come out and play hard every night, you're going
to get killed," said Hornets guard  Bobby Jackson , who made a brief
return after missing 16 games with a cracked left rib. "We didn't
have that type of energy all through the first half and it showed. "We've got to do things to get us over the hump, and we're all
we've got in this locker room. We've got to stick together, we've
got to play hard, we've got to go out and do the things as a team
that's going to help us get better." Jackson scored seven points in 10 minutes before leaving in the
second quarter. He said he expects to play again Saturday when
Indiana comes to Oklahoma City. "I'm a warrior. I want to play any time," Jackson said. "I
didn't want to come out. I wanted to play more. But they're
bringing me along slowly."
^Notes:@ Rookie C  Hilton Armstrong , who hit the game-winning free
throw and had career-bests with 17 points and nine rebounds in a
100-99 win at Detroit on Nov. 15, didn't play until the beginning
of the fourth quarter. ... The Pistons avoided their first
four-game losing streak since Jan. 18-24, 2005 ... Mason, one of
the Hornets' two remaining starters, went to the locker room with
an apparent injury with 5:27 left in the third quarter but returned
to the scorer's table before the 3-minute mark. ... Detroit led
58-32 at halftime. 