AUBURN HILLS, Mich. (AP) -- The  Golden State Warriors  aren't used to blizzards or early starts. They had to deal with both Sunday and it didn't go well against Detroit. Tayshaun Prince  scored 23 points and  Antonio McDyess  had 14 points and 11 rebounds and the Pistons never trailed in beating the Warriors 109-87. "We knew we had a chance to take advantage of them early -- this was a tough scheduling game for them -- and we did a nice job of executing," Pistons coach Flip Saunders said. The game started at 12:30 p.m. and was played in a half-empty arena due to a major snowstorm in Detroit. "We weren't ready to play, and we got our butts kicked,"  Stephen Jackson  said. "This is definitely uncalled for -- we're a professional team. This is terrible -- you start a road trip and get blasted like this." Chauncey Billups  added 19 points for the Pistons, who have won nine of 11, while  Richard Hamilton  had 13 points and six assists. Jackson was the only Warrior to reach double figures, but he scored nine of his 13 points in the first quarter. Golden State's leading scorer,  Baron Davis , finished with two points on 1-of-8 shooting, as Golden State coach Don Nelson emptied his bench early. "That's the way it goes sometimes -- we pulled the plug early on this one," Nelson said. "We've got a game tomorrow, and sometimes you have to think beyond just one game. We played the bench and we got a loss, but we were going to get that anyway." Like Jackson, Davis didn't want to fall back on the early start as an excuse. "We can't make excuses about the travel and about the time of games," he said. "We could have won this game had we come ready to play." The Pistons took over with a 28-5 run that consumed most of the second quarter.  Jason Maxiell  scored the first five points, including two dunks, and Prince later had nine points in just over two minutes. Hamilton's buzzer-beating jumper gave Detroit a 58-35 halftime lead. McDyess had 12 points and nine rebounds in the half for the Pistons, while Prince scored 13. "We were able to slow the game down by going into the post," Prince said. "That's the key against a team like Golden State, but you could tell they weren't themselves." The Warriors finally seemed to come awake at the half, scoring 32 points in the third quarter, but it wasn't enough. Detroit took a 87-67 lead going into the fourth behind 11 points from Billups and 10 more from Prince. The Warriors never got closer than 19 in the final quarter. The period did provide one highlight: Maxiell's missed dunk that bounced 20 feet straight up into the air. Rookie  Arron Afflalo , who had passed up his own shot to feed Maxiell on the break, was greeted by a rain of towels by his laughing teammates during an ensuing timeout. "All we've been hearing is about his great hops, and then he doesn't take the dunk," Billups said. "We've still got no evidence that he can dunk. When I was a rookie, I would have dunked that ball, but I'm old now." Game notes  There was a second-quarter video "Thank You" to the fans that did attend, and the mascot was later shown cleaning off cars in the parking lot. ...  Primoz Brezec  and  Walter Herrmann , acquired in Friday's trade with Charlotte, were with the Pistons for the first time. Herrmann was inactive, while Brezec played the final six minutes. ...  Rasheed Wallace  picked up a third-quarter technical for arguing a call. 