TORONTO --  Willie Green  finished his season with a career night. The  Toronto Raptors  finished theirs with a loss before learning they'll play  Vince Carter  and the  New Jersey Nets  in the playoffs. Green had a career-high 37 points to lead the  Philadelphia 76ers  to a 122-119 victory over the Raptors on Wednesday night in the final regular-season game for both teams. Andre Miller  had 29 points and  Joe Smith  added 26 points for the rebuilding 76ers, who finished 35-47. Luke Jackson  had a career-high 30 points for the Raptors, who failed to set a franchise record for wins in a season. Toronto (47-35) unfurled its Atlantic Division championship banner from the rafters of the Air Canada Centre before the game. The Raptors, the third seed in the Eastern Conference, will host Carter and New Jersey in the first round of the playoffs this weekend. "That matchup, I welcome it. I'm sure that he wants to play here. I don't mind seeing him either," said Bosh, a former teammate. "It's a turning part for this organization. Who better to play than the guy who helped build this place up?" Carter asked out of Toronto two and a half years ago. The eight-time All-Star has been booed every time he's returned. "He's going to get up for the game. It's a playoff game and it's in Toronto," Bosh said. "He did play here for seven or eight years. He's familiar with this place. I'm sure it will be a great matchup." Bosh thanked the fans before the game for sticking with the team. Toronto is in the playoffs for the first time in five years. "Just to see that banner go up for the fans and organization is just a good feeling," Bosh said. Andrea Bargnani , the No. 1 pick in the draft, had 17 points in his first game after missing 14 because of an appendectomy. Jackson easily beat his previous career high of 14 points. "I knew what it was, but I just didn't want to say what it was," Jackson said with a smile when asked what his previous career high was. Green's previous career high was 32 points against Washington on Jan. 26, 2005. He also went 5-for-7 from behind the arc. "I wasn't really gunning for it. I was just playing well," Green said. "Shots were just falling for me. Any time I hit two backboard shots, you know things are falling." His consecutive 3-pointers gave Philadelphia a 118-112 lead with 1:13 left. Jackson followed with a layup, but Miller's layup restored the six-point lead with 46 seconds left. Jackson's 3-pointer cut it to three with 3.5 seconds remaining, but Miller made two free throws to seal the victory. Philadelphia outrebounded Toronto 41-33. "Our game was indicative of the way we played in the second half," Philadelphia coach Maurice Cheeks said. "We could have just laid down, said the season was over and just packed it in, but our guys in the second half played and that's why we're so looking forward to next year." Game notes  Toronto's  Morris Peterson  is day-to-day with a hyperextended right knee. ... Fans entertained themselves by doing the wave in the second half. ...The 76ers played again without  Andre Iguodala  (strained lower back). ... Attendance was 19,800, Toronto's 19th sellout of the season. 