PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- The short-handed  Sacramento Kings  finally got their elusive, long-awaited road win by going back to the basics: shooting, rebounding and passing. Brad Miller  had 25 points and 10 rebounds,  Mikki Moore  tied his career-high with 24 points and the Kings became the final NBA team to win their first road game with a 109-99 victory over the  Philadelphia 76ers  on Friday night. John Salmons  contributed 19 points and  Beno Udrih  had 15 for the Kings, who entered the game with nine straight road losses to open a season, matching a team record set in 1987-88 and again in 1993-94. "We definitely needed that," Salmons said. "It felt good to get this first one." The Kings also broke the streak without injured starters  Mike Bibby ,  Kevin Martin  and  Shareef Abdur-Rahim . They shot 54 percent from the field, including a stretch of 13 consecutive layups and dunks between the third and fourth quarter. Sacramento outrebounded Philadelphia, 39-31. "It was one of the best passing games we've had," Kings coach Reggie Theus said. "We had real good ball movement and got layups off good cuts. It's something we've been working on." Andre Miller  scored 24 points,  Willie Green  added 16 and  Andre Iguodala  and Lou Williams had 15 apiece for Philadelphia, which had its season-best four-game win streak snapped.  Kyle Korver  added 13 for the Sixers. "We're an energy team and we can't come out and not play with any energy," Williams said. Philadelphia trailed 85-69 on a basket by  Ron Artest  with 2:07 remaining in the third quarter, but the Sixers responded with the final five points of the period. The Sixers trailed by double figures for much of the fourth quarter, before a basket by Miller cut the lead to 100-91 with 2:22 left. But Philadelphia turned the ball over twice and Moore, who was 10-of-11 from the field, converted a 3-point play with 1:12 remaining for a commanding 103-91 advantage. "They just made big plays in the game," Iguodala said. Sacramento continued its torrid shooting, which included hitting 18-of-21 from the free-throw line. "We got guys in the right position to score," Brad Miller said. Meanwhile, Sixers coach Maurice Cheeks said his team's defense couldn't match its offense. "Our defense was not what it has been for the past four games," Cheeks said. "There are going to be games when our defense is not going to be good. Unfortunately, our offense and defense was not good, so a combination of that is going to result in a loss." After Philadelphia built an early lead, the Kings rallied to tie the game at 51 at halftime behind clutch shooting from the field. The Sixers also shot well, hitting 20-of-38 (53 percent) shots from the field. Game notes  Korver has hit 10-of-18 3-pointers in his last five games. ... Theus, when asked before the game if his team had to be loose to win a game on the road: "The pressure is on. We need to win a game. This is not Club Med." ... Philadelphia's Miller scored 14 points on 7-of-8 shooting in the first quarter. ... Artest was assessed a technical foul in the third quarter. 