ORLANDO, Fla. -- The  New Jersey Nets  came apart in the fourth quarter Friday night, right when the  Orlando Magic  started taking care of the ball. The Magic overcame 17 turnovers by dominating inside to beat the Nets 90-82, edging up a spot in the Eastern Conference playoff standings and knocking New Jersey down a couple. Jameer Nelson  scored 22 points, 12 in the fourth quarter, and  Dwight Howard  had 10 points and 16 rebounds. Orlando outscored the Nets 44-22 in the paint and had a 54-37 rebounding edge. "It was a playoff atmosphere," said Magic forward  Grant Hill , who scored 12. "I think New Jersey made it difficult -- they really swarmed Dwight, tried to take away things we normally want to do." Vince Carter  had 27 points, seven rebounds and five assists for the Nets, who shot 34.5 percent for the game and 11-for-41 in the second half. Orlando hit 42.3 percent overall. "We are not discouraged," said  Jason Kidd , who had eight points, nine assists and eight rebounds. "There are 13 games left and we have to try and win as many as we can, and come April 19 we will see where we stand." The Nets came into the game seventh in the playoff hunt, one place ahead of the Magic. Orlando's win made put them in seventh place in the Eastern Conference, while the  Indiana Pacers ' victory Friday over the  Miami Heat  put them in eighth. Both the Magic and Nets have struggled in March: Orlando is 4-7, New Jersey 3-8. Richard Jefferson  scored 19 points for New Jersey and  Mikki Moore  added 12. Leading 41-37 at halftime, the Nets grabbed a nine-point advantage early in the third quarter on six straight points from Carter. New Jersey, however, couldn't pull away. Orlando turned the ball over on three consecutive possessions trying to dump it inside, but the Nets managed only Moore's fast-break dunk. Carter missed a dunk the next trip and was called for a rare offensive basket interference on his own shot for grabbing the rim. Carlos Arroyo  scored five points in the 1:30 of the third quarter to help the Magic tie it at 59 at the start of the fourth. "I think he deserves a game ball for coming in and changing the game," Nelson said of Arroyo. Orlando took the lead for good on Nelson's layup with 5:45 left in the fourth, with the Nets unable to hit from the field. Orlando had just one fourth-quarter turnover, while New Jersey had four of its 10 on the game in that period. Carter was 1-for-6 from the field in the last quarter but hit four free throws. "We took rhythm shots when guys were open but we just missed them," Carter said. "When you are trying to win you have to convert." Though the Nets' top three big men entered the fourth quarter with four fouls, Howard didn't play in the period until nearly 5 minutes in. Orlando scored almost all its fourth-quarter field goals inside, but Howard had none of them. Game notes  Hill hit Carter in the face starting to dribble the ball down the court with about 3:30 left. Carter stayed on the floor several seconds and came up holding his nose but did not leave the game. Kidd missed the technical shot. ... The Nets didn't attempt a free throw until early in the third quarter. Orlando was 5-for-8 from the line by that point. ... Orlando tied the season series at 2-2. 