SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) -- On a night when his team struggled from beyond the arc,  Stephen Jackson  made a pair of huge 3-pointers late in the fourth quarter to rescue the resurgent  Golden State Warriors . Jackson made two 3-pointers in a 20-second span and  Monta Ellis  had 22 points to rally the Warriors to a 103-96 victory Wednesday night over the  Sacramento Kings . Golden State scored the game's final nine points and held the Kings scoreless in the game's final 3:43 in erasing a four-point deficit. Jackson connected on back-to-back 3-pointers, the second one putting the Warriors ahead 98-96 with 1:11 remaining. Jackson hit 3-of-7 from 3-point range and had 21 points for the run-and-gun Warriors, who made only eight of 31 3-point attempts. "When he's missing and in a cold streak people complain, but that's what he does, he comes down and shoots that early 3," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "I don't like to put restrictions on him." Ellis hit two free throws with 27.1 seconds left to extend the lead to 100-96 for the Warriors, who have won four straight and seven of eight. The victory puts Golden State, which opened the season with six straight losses, at the .500 mark (7-7). "We've come together, we've only had our whole team for two games," said Jackson, who had a technical in the heated fourth quarter and also committed six turnovers. "The sky is the limit for what we can be." Baron Davis  had 19 points and six assists for the Warriors,  Andris Biedrins  had 13 points and 13 rebounds, and  Al Harrington  contributed 12 points and helped shut down  Ron Artest  late in the game with solid defense. Kevin Martin  had 28 points and seven rebounds for the Kings, who have lost four of five games. Artest finished with 21 points and nine rebounds.  Beno Udrih  scored 16 points,  Brad Miller  had 10 points and 18 rebounds, and  Mikki Moore  added 10 points and eight rebounds. It was the breakout game that Martin was looking for. After opening the season with nine straight games of 20 or more points, he had only one in the next five games, including a season-low 10 Monday night against San Antonio. But Martin and the rest of the Kings shot poorly in the second half when Sacramento made only nine field goals to match a franchise record for the fewest in a half. The Kings, who missed their final 11 shots, were 2 of 23 in the fourth quarter when they were outscored 22-14. "I wanted them to take the ball to the basket and we've got guys shooting jumpers," Kings coach Reggie Theus said. "We're in the penalty, we've got eight minutes to go. Down the stretch we just didn't make the plays." It was a sad homecoming for the Warriors'  Matt Barnes , who grew up in Sacramento and was at his mother's side Tuesday when she died of cancer at age 50. To honor Matt Barnes' mother, some of the Warriors wore a red rubber wrist band with the name Ann on it, flanked by hearts on either side. "It's really big to be a home right now," said Barnes, who stayed in Sacramento with his family Wednesday night after scoring six points and getting nine rebounds. "With my Mom just passing, my team rallied around me. We are a close team and it means a lot to be here." After a quiet first half, Artest grew more aggressive in the third quarter. He hit a 3-pointer that keyed an 8-0 run and scored 11 points overall as the Kings took an 82-81 lead into the fourth. "We were good tonight, we just missed a lot of shots," Artest said. "I've been in this situation plenty of times and here is nothing to panic about. Stephen Jackson hit those big 3-pointers. They beat us fair and square." In a fast-paced, error-prone first half, Martin scored 19 points to help the Kings to a 55-53 lead. Game notes  The Kings had eight turnovers in the first nine minutes and finished with 20. ... Biedrins came off the bench to make all six shots in the opening half, and also had six rebounds. Moore and Barnes got tangled up under Kings basket late in the second quarter, exchanged heated words, and both received a technical. Both Jackson and Davis picked up their fifth foul in the fourth quarter. 