SEATTLE (AP) -- Sitting 10 games under .500, Seattle's Nick
Collison didn't feel he had the right to lightly regard the injury
depleted  Milwaukee Bucks .
 

   So Collison led by example, with an energetic first quarter that
helped ignite a rare blowout victory for the SuperSonics on Friday
night.
 

    Ray Allen  scored 21 points and Collison recorded his fourth
double-double in the last five games with 13 points and 16 rebounds
in Seattle's 99-72 rout of the undermanned Bucks.
 

   "We're not in any position I think to be unmotivated. Our
record isn't good enough," Collison said. "During the course of a
game there can be slippage, but tonight we avoided it."
 

   Seattle matched its longest winning streak of the season using a
pair of scoring bursts combined with cold shooting by the banged-up
Bucks.
 

   Milwaukee dropped to 1-4 without leading scorers  Michael Redd 
and  Mo Williams  in the lineup, who combine for 45 points per game.
Milwaukee was also without starters  Charlie Villanueva  and Bobby
Simmons, leaving the Bucks fielding a lineup that got overwhelmed
in the first half and never recovered.
 

    Ruben Patterson  led Milwaukee with 16 points.
 

   "Right now we are in a position to scrape and claw for
everything," Milwaukee coach Terry Stotts said. "Our team is what
we have right now and we have to compete."
 

   Allen played just 28 minutes, scoring 16 points in the first
half. Reserve  Damien Wilkins  added 16, as Seattle's reserves
outscored its starters 50-49.
 

   Seattle controlled the first 24 minutes, leading by as many as
26, knocking down open jumpers and scoring at the rim, often
unchallenged. Allen scored 10 in the first 7:36 as the Sonics took
command closing the first quarter on a 13-5 and opening a 14-point
advantage.
 

   The Sonics then sprinted to their biggest lead of the half --
51-25 -- with 13-3 run in the second quarter. The Bucks went five
minutes with just one free-throw, watching numerous shots bounce
around the rim, but fail to drop.
 

   Milwaukee's 29 first-half points was its lowest output of the
season, but off the franchise record of just 22 points in a half on
Feb. 21, 2003 against Seattle. The Bucks shot 29 percent in the
first half and 33 for the game.
 

   "We had a little bit of a breather there," Seattle coach Bob
Hill said. "Every game we've played this year seems like it's
either not close at all or close. I thought that everyone honestly
played well.
 

   "The players deserve a win like this because it's been such a
tough time so far this year."
 

   Much to Hill's pleasure, the Sonics didn't sit on their halftime
lead and let the Bucks gain any measure of confidence at getting
back into the game.
 

    Brian Skinner  let out an "Oh!" when Wilkins slipped backdoor
for a two-handed dunk with 5 minutes left in the third, pushing the
Seattle lead back to 26. A couple of minutes later, the lead
reached 30 and Seattle was easily on the way to its biggest victory
since a 30-point rout of Sacramento in November 2004.
 

    Luke Ridnour  added 13 and  Andre Brown  -- who earlier this week
signed a second 10-day contract with Seattle -- added a career-high
10.
 

   "We need more nights like this," Wilkins said. "That's easier
said than done, but for the most part I thought we did a great job
coming out together, moved the ball and everyone got involved."
 

   As if the Bucks needed another injury, Patterson fell hard to
the floor early in the third quarter. Patterson was fouled by
 Mickael Gelabale  on a drive into the lane and landed on his arm. He
stayed on the ground for a few minutes before walking off and
stayed in to make both free throws.
 

   Patterson said afterward his shoulder "went the other way" but
said he would be OK.
 
 Game Notes  Milwaukee's previous season-low for points in a half was 31
in the second half against Toronto on Jan. 10. ... Williams was
thinking about making the trip with the Bucks, and possibly playing
in the last game of the four-game swing at Sacramento, but decided
to stay in Milwaukee and do more rehab on his injured left
shoulder. ... Washington Redskins CB Shawn Springs sat at midcourt,
but his name was spelled wrong when his picture was shown on the
video boards. 