PORTLAND, Ore. -- It was some kind of day for the  Portland Trail Blazers . Rookie  LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 30 points,  Zach Randolph  and  Martell Webster  each added 20, and the Blazers capped a strange day with a 127-90 victory over the  Charlotte Bobcats  on Thursday night.
 Elias Says Aldridge LaMarcus Aldridge scored 30 points for the Trail Blazers, the most points scored by a Portland rookie in 22 years! On March 6, 1985, rookie Steve Colter scored 35 points for the Trail Blazers in a double overtime game against Washington.  Read more  Elias Says . Hours earlier, Blazers president and general manager Steve Patterson abruptly resigned after owner Paul Allen decided not to renew his contract. At halftime, with Portland ahead 60-40, Allen gave a press conference where he affirmed his recommitment to the Blazers and pledged to follow through on efforts to buy back the Rose Garden Arena, which he lost two years ago in bankruptcy. The Blazers also lost center  Joel Przybilla  for the season after an MRI revealed the need for arthroscopic surgery. Matt Carroll  had 20 points and  Gerald Wallace  added 13 for the Bobcats, who matched a season high with their fourth consecutive loss. With Portland having its way almost every time down the floor, the highly anticipated battle of rookie of the year candidates never really materialized. Portland's  Brandon Roy  held up his end with 14 points, nine assists and eight rebounds, but Charlotte's  Adam Morrison  made just four of 11 shots for 12 points. The second pick in last year's draft, Aldridge was the rookie who sizzled. He made just his eighth start of the season, taking Przybilla's place, and played 27 minutes before leaving in the third quarter. Portland shot 58.3 percent and had 34 assists. The Blazers outrebounded Charlotte 45-31. Portland was coming off demoralizing losses to Memphis and Seattle. After losing 97-73 to the Sonics on Monday, Randolph called a players-only meeting at Wednesday's practice. "We had a man-to-man talk about finishing strong and sticking together and playing for each other," Randolph said. "I'd seen the look on the guys' faces and everybody was panicking, so I just wanted to regroup and remind them there would be games like this, but it's an 82-game season." Portland jumped out to a 31-16 lead that reached 25 points in the first half. The second half was a series of lob dunks, breakaway layups and wide-open 3-pointers as the Blazers eventually ran the lead to 46. "We had no answer for them tonight," Carroll said. "Their whole team was shooting the ball well. We would take away their post play and their perimeter players knocked down shots. I didn't know Aldridge could shoot the ball like that. If he continues to shoot like that, he'll be very good." The Blazers will be run temporarily by Tod Leiweke, chief executive officer of the Seattle Seahawks. Allen, the billionaire co-founder of Microsoft, also owns the NFL's Seahawks. Leiweke, who will also head a new company that will oversee all of Allen's sports ventures, will be in charge of hiring a new president and new general manager. "I just want to restate my commitment," Allen said. "I am very excited about the Blazers future. It was a pretty amazing first half tonight. I think you can see the potential. I think that's what has me excited, that's what has Tod excited. So we are very excited about the future prospects and what we are going to do here in the future." Patterson had been the team president since 2003 and became the GM after John Nash was fired last May. He had been successful at cutting payroll and repairing Portland's "Jail Blazers" image, but the team's financial outlook took a bleak turn on his watch, and he was criticized for secretly returning money to  Darius Miles  after Miles was fined for a profanity-laced tirade against then-coach Maurice Cheeks. "I don't know much about that situation," Roy said about Patterson's resignation, "but I do know that if we play well the fans will come." Roy was named the Western Conference rookie of the month for the second consecutive month. He averaged 17.2 points, 3.4 rebounds and 4.9 assists in February, including three 20-point performances. The Blazers kicked off a rookie of the year campaign for Roy on Tuesday at an elementary school in tiny Roy, Ore. > Game notes  Surgery ends a disappointing season for Przybilla, who averaged just 2.0 points and 3.9 rebounds in 43 games, after signing a five-year, $32 million extension this summer. ... Blazer assistant general manager Kevin Pritchard will be a candidate for the GM job, Leiweke said. ... Charlotte forward  Emeka Okafor  missed his third straight game. Okafor, the team's second-leading scorer and top rebounder, strained his left calf Saturday against Toronto. ... The Blazers biggest margin of victory is 50 points against Cleveland in 1982. 