OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) --  Baron Davis  used ice on his right foot,
left knee and back after Golden State's game with New Orleans. His
right arm? That seemed fine. Davis, who played all 48 minutes, put up 25 shots Tuesday night,
scoring 29 points as the Warriors beat the Hornets 97-89. Matt Barnes  also scored 29 as the Warriors won despite shooting
just 39.5 percent from the field. They made up for that by
outscoring New Orleans 26-2 in fastbreak points and by turning 17
Hornets turnovers into 23 points. "We got the lead and they kept battling and battling," said
Davis, who wound up 10-of-25. "We hit shots big enough to just
hold them off." Davis and Barnes each had big shots down the stretch. A jumper
by Davis from the left side made the score 91-85 with 1:23
remaining. After a Hornets miss, Barnes took a pass from Davis in
the right corner and sank a 3-pointer for a 94-85 lead. "I had two other shots from there that missed," said Barnes,
who was 9-of-20 but also had 11 rebounds and five steals. "Baron
had enough confidence to find me on the last one and I knocked it
down." Rasual Butler  scored 30 points for the Hornets.  Jannero Pargo 
had 24 points, and  Tyson Chandler  grabbed 15 rebounds. The Hornets, without injured point guard  Chris Paul  and three of
their other top offensive players, had several stretches where they
couldn't hit a basket. They went about 4  minutes without a field
goal from late in the first quarter to early in the second, and
closed the third quarter by making one field goal in the final
4:59, allowing the Warriors to build a 13-point lead. But then Golden State went cold, missing its first 10 shots of
the final period as the Hornets pulled within 76-74. Davis ended
the run with two free throws, and  Mickael Pietrus  and Barnes
converted consecutive three-point plays to extend the lead to 10. Butler and Pargo followed with consecutive 3s in an 8-0 run, and
after two free throws by  Marc Jackson  the score was 86-83 with 2:29
to play.  Mike Dunleavy  provided some breathing room with a
3-pointer before Davis and Barnes hit their big jumpers. "It didn't seem like we were shooting 30-something percent the
last few minutes," Dunleavy said. The Warriors, who trailed by as many as 12 in the first quarter,
outscored New Orleans 16-4 in the first 5:20 of the second quarter
to take the lead. Barnes scored nine during the run. Golden State
pushed the advantage to 10 later in the quarter before the Hornets
stopped the bleeding with a small run in the final minute. "We need to protect the ball better and not make so many
mistakes," Butler said. "That's what our coach has emphasized, is
playing 48 minutes. You never know which possessions and which
plays might come back to haunt you." Game notes Kelenna Azubuike made his NBA debut for the Warriors.
Signed from Fort Worth of the NBA's developmental league, Azubuike
had four points and three rebounds in 16  minutes. ... The Warriors
won for just the fourth time in 15 road games. ... The Hornets are
1-11 when they have committed 17 turnovers or more. 