MINNEAPOLIS -- The  Toronto Raptors ' depth helped them pull out another victory. Anthony Parker  had 13 of his 24 points in the fourth quarter, and seven Raptors scored in double-figures to help Toronto rally and beat the  Minnesota Timberwolves  111-100 on Monday night. Jose Calderon  scored 11 of his 12 points in the fourth for the Raptors, who overcame a nine-point deficit in the final quarter to stretch their winning streak to four. "We made some 3s at the right time," said Toronto coach  Sam Mitchell . The Raptors made 6-of-9 3-pointers in the fourth and outscored Minnesota 38-21. Toronto improved to 32-15 since Jan. 1 -- the best record in the Eastern Conference. The Raptors, who clinched their first Atlantic Division title Friday, closed to within one game of idle Chicago and Cleveland for the second-best record in the East. "Everybody is ready to help," said Calderon, one of three Raptors reserves who played all of the last quarter. "We started moving the ball more." Chris Bosh  had his ninth consecutive double-double with 16 points and 13 rebounds for Toronto, and  T.J. Ford , who sat all of the fourth, contributed 17 points and 10 assists. The Raptors boosted their record to 45-33 and have recorded 18 more wins than they had all of last season -- the biggest improvement in the NBA. "It's a great feeling to come from last year, when we had all those losses," Bosh said. "I felt like I was a winner last year, but the record was what it was. This is just a lot of fun." Ricky Davis  led the Timberwolves with 28 points and eight assists.  Kevin Garnett  and  Craig Smith  added 17 points each for Minnesota, which lost its second consecutive game. Garnett shot just 7-of-23 for the Timberwolves, who dropped to 4-10 in their past 14 games. One more Minnesota loss or one more  Los Angeles Clippers  victory will eliminate the Timberwolves from playoff contention. "I thought we played real well for three-and-a-half quarters, and then we kind of gave it away in the last six minutes," Smith said. "We have to make them adjust to us." Minnesota has made a habit of blowing leads this season -- even at home. The Timberwolves gave up a 25-point advantage in a 114-106 loss to Seattle on March 27 and a 17-point cushion in a 100-95 defeat to Charlotte on Feb. 21. Both games were at Target Center. "I thought a lot of the time we defended them pretty good, but they made shots down the stretch," Minnesota interim coach Randy Wittman said. "Hats off to Toronto." The Raptors trailed 79-73 at the start of the fourth, and the Timberwolves made it 83-74 on  Rashad McCants ' layup with 10:39 remaining. Toronto, however, grabbed control from there, ending the game on a 37-17 run. Calderon's 20-foot jumper gave the Raptors the lead for good with 7:48 left at 86-85. "That's how he's been playing all year," Ford said of his backup at point guard. "He took over the game." Calderon, Parker and  Juan Dixon  made two 3-pointers apiece and combined for 32 points in the fourth quarter for the Raptors, winners in nine of their last 11 games. For the entire fourth, Toronto used a lineup of starters Bosh and Parker along with reserves Calderon, Dixon and  Kris Humphries  -- a former University of Minnesota star. "We tried to make some stops in the fourth, but Parker hit some 3s, Dixon hit some big 3s. The young point guard hit some 3s and big shots," Garnett said. "It was great initial defense. They just hit shots." Game notes  The Raptors are 10-8 in the second half of back-to-back games this season, and have won their last four in that situation. ... The 38 fourth-quarter points were a season-high for the Raptors. ... Toronto has won the last six games between the teams and leads the series 12-11. 