DALLAS -- When the second overtime began in a game that
already had plenty of thrills,  Amare Stoudemire  was ready to settle
things. 	   So he went to the basket. Hard. 
 
 Comparing Super Seasons 
 
 
   
 Terry 
As Phoenix (50-14) continues to jostle with the Mavs (52-11) for best record in the West, we take a closer look at their seasons (Dallas has won both matchups between the two):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Suns 
 
 
 Mavs 
 
 
 
 
W-L entering Nov. 9
 
 
1-4*
 
 
0-4
 
 
 
 
W-L since Nov. 9
 
 
49-10
 
 
52-7
 
 
 
 
Longest win streak
 
 
17
 
 
17
 
 
 
 
10-plus win streaks
 
 
2
 
 
3
 
 
 
 
 *The Suns started the season 1-5. 
 -- Note: Jason Terry (pictured) has scored 30, 35 and 30 points vs. Phoenix this season. 
 
 
 
 

   Between points and fouls that got  Dallas Mavericks  starters
disqualified, Stoudemire's strong start got the  Phoenix Suns  going
toward a 129-127 victory Wednesday night in a tense, thrilling game
between the league's two best teams. 	   "He's a great finisher," marveled teammate  Steve Nash . "That
was quite a performance." 	   Stoudemire had 41 points and 10 rebounds, and Nash played like a
two-time MVP down the stretch. He scored 10 points in the final
minute of regulation, capped by a tying 3-pointer with 2.7 seconds
left. He finished with 32 points, 16 assists and eight rebounds. 	    Jerry Stackhouse  scored 33 points, his most in three seasons
with Dallas, and  Dirk Nowitzki  added 30 points, 16 rebounds and six
assists. He had eight points and seven rebounds in the third
quarter, when the Mavs turned what had been a 16-point deficit into
a 15-point lead going into the fourth quarter. 	   Phoenix rallied by opening the fourth by making eight straight
shots and 10-of-12. While that set up Nash's great finish, four
missed free throws by Dallas -- including two by Nowitzki -- were
equally important. 	   The Mavericks remained shaky at the start of overtime, then
 Jason Terry  scored five points in the final 48 seconds, including a
long 3 over Nash with 4.5 seconds to go that the second OT. 	   Stoudemire helped Phoenix take it from there, although it still
took a missed 8-footer by Nowitzki as time expired to end Dallas'
23-game home winning streak and tighten the race for the top seed
in the Western Conference. 	   "This was a big game. We aren't going to try to downplay it,"
Stackhouse said. "It was a little disappointing not to get the win
but we'll bounce back." 	   The Suns won their sixth straight and 11th in 12 games, moving
them within 2{ games of the Mavericks for the best record in the
league. 	   Dallas seemed like a lock for the top spot just a few days ago,
when a 17-game winning streak prompted talk of 70 wins for the
season. 	   But now the Mavs have dropped consecutive games for the first
time since their 0-4 start. This was their first home loss since
Dec. 7. 	   "They might not lose two more the rest of the season," Phoenix
coach Mike D'Antoni said. 	   The Suns have 18 games left and the Mavs have 19. The clubs meet
again April 1 in Phoenix, with the Dallas leading the season series
2-1. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Nash The Suns' 129-127 double-overtime victory at Dallas lived up to the pregame hype. It was the first game in NBA history between teams that had both won as many as 42 of their last 50 games in that season. Dallas had won 44 of its previous 50 games; Phoenix won 42 of its previous 50. 
 Read more  Elias Says .
 
 
 	   The top seed in the West is worth much more than bragging
rights. In addition to the home-court advantage in every round,
there's also a better draw; whichever team doesn't get No. 1 likely
will be on course to meet the  San Antonio Spurs  in the second
round. 	   No wonder both teams played as if this was more than just
another game. 	   "That was a playoff atmosphere," Stoudemire said. "Both teams
played with high intensity. Both teams were in it until the end. We
definitely wanted to win but we also want to improve." 	   By game's end, these weren't the same Mavericks. 	    Josh Howard  and  Erick Dampier  fouled out early in the second
overtime,  Devin Harris  was hurt in the second quarter and Devean
George missed the game with an injury. 	   The calls that got Howard and Dampier tossed were booed loudly
by a season-high crowd of 20,525. Then Nowitzki got a technical
foul for arguing a non-call. Stackhouse had a bigger beef about a
missed foul soon after -- but didn't dare say anything. 	   When Nowitzki's last try missed and he wound up on the ground, a
building that had been buzzing all night went eerily silent, as if
no one was sure it was really over. Then there were some boos at
officials, with Mavs owner Mark Cuban seemingly making a hurried
exit. 	   Terry had 27 points, five assists, five rebounds -- and five
turnovers, including one in the final half-minute of the second
overtime. Howard scored 19 points and Dampier had eight points with
11 rebounds; amazingly, all were on the offensive end. 	   Phoenix's  Leandro Barbosa , who missed a potential winner at the
end of the first OT, scored 17 points before fouling out. Shawn
Marion had 15 points and 12 rebounds, and  Raja Bell  scored 11
points. 	   Stoudemire made 16 of 19 shots. His dominance inside reminded
the Suns how badly they could've used him against Dallas in the
Western Conference finals last year. 	   "He was unstoppable," D'Antoni said. "He had a little sore
back, a little muscle cramp or something in the first half. ...
But, man, did he rise to the occasion in the fourth quarter." 	   So did Nash and Nowitzki, the good friends, former teammates and
MVP front-runners. 	   The game ended with Nash rebounding Nowitzki's miss. Overall,
though, both made plenty of big plays and had their share of
regrettable ones. 	   There were several 1-on-1 matchups, too, with Nowitzki getting
the best of them in the overtimes. Earlier, Nash scooped a
left-handed layup around the big German, prompting Nowitzki to tell
officials he was elbowed. Nowitzki later smiled as he recommended a
technical foul against Nash for complaining about a non-call. 	   Midway through the fourth, Nowitzki dribbled around Nash and no
one else was between him and the basket, so he sped up and threw
down a dunk about as hard as he ever does. Game Notes The same "impostors" Dallas coach  Avery Johnson  said he
saw while watching tape of the loss to Golden State on Monday night
seemed to be back on the court for the Mavs in the first quarter.
They had more turnovers (seven) than field goals (five) and allowed
32 points. ... Phoenix's  James Jones  went 3-for-3 on 3s in the
second quarter, but finished with just those nine points. ...
George missed the game because of a flare-up of a knee injury. The
Mavs plan to be extra cautious with George the rest of the regular
season in hopes he'll be ready for the playoffs.to improve." 