EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Attacking the basket instead of
settling for jump shots against the  New Jersey Nets  paid dividends
for the  Detroit Pistons . 	   Not only did the Pistons set a team record for consecutive free
throws in a game, they also enjoyed the added benefit of disrupting
the Nets' uptempo offense. 	    Richard Hamilton  scored 24 points and the Pistons rewrote their
record book by hitting 27 consecutive free throws in a 113-89
victory over the New Jersey Nets on Wednesday night. 	   "We did a good job of attacking the basket and getting in the
bonus," said Detroit guard  Chauncey Billups , who was perfect on 12
free throw attempts in scoring 18 points. 	   "Against a team that likes to run and gun like New Jersey, if
you get to the free throw line it slows the game down," Billups
added. "You have a better chance of winning." 	   This one turned into a laugher against a Nets team that showed
the affects of coming off a five-game West Coast trip. 	   Detroit also was motivated after a so-so effort in a loss to
Washington on Tuesday night. 	   "We took a challenge," Hamilton said. "Last night, when we
played Washington, we didn't take it. They shot 50 percent. Tonight
we really wanted to stay more alert and pay more attention to the
scouting report." 	   The report focused on the Nets'  Vince Carter , who had scored at
least 33 points in each of his last three games. 	   "Going into the game, Vince was on a roll," Pistons coach Flip
Saunders said. "We did some half-court trapping and some zone. I
don't know if we got him frustrated, but it made him more a volume
scorer than an efficient scorer." 	   Carter finished with 11 points on 4-of-15 shooting from the
field and 3-of-7 from the free throw line. 	   "It was just one of those nights," Carter said. 	    Chris Webber  had 17 points,  Jason Maxiell  16, and 
 Antonio McDyess  had eight and 12 rebounds as the Pistons won for the fifth
time in seven games and snapped the Nets' two-game winning streak. 	   Detroit, which shot 54 percent from the field, finished 33-of-38
from the free throw line. 	   The Pistons' old record for consecutive free throws was 26, set
against the Kansas City Kings on March 23, 1976. Detroit broke the
record by making its first 27 attempts against New Jersey. 	   Webber missed on the 28th attempt late in the third quarter, but
Detroit got the offensive rebound and Hamilton nailed a 3-pointer
for an 85-64 lead with 3:42 left in the period. 	   Nets center  Mikki Moore  scored 18 of his 20 points in the first
quarter. 	   "As a team we didn't play well," said  Jason Kidd , who added 15
points for New Jersey. "They got anything they wanted." 	   The Pistons never trailed after Hamilton and McDyess hit
consecutive jumpers late in the first quarter to give Detroit a
26-22 lead. They pushed the lead to 11 points by the half and blew
the game open in the third quarter with an 8-2 spurt that featured
two jumpers and two free throws by Webber for a 70-53 lead. 	   Detroit extended the lead to 24 points by the end of the third
quarter, and the Nets ran up the white flag by resting Kidd and
Carter the rest of the way. Game notes Nets G  Marcus Williams , who had 14 points, was chosen to
play in the Rookie Challenge game during the NBA All-Star break.
...The Pistons (14-9) are the only Eastern Conference team with a
winning road record. ... Hamilton has scored 20 or more points in
16 of his last 19 games. ... Detroit is 3-0 against New Jersey this
season. 