WASHINGTON -- No one should be surprised  Caron Butler  came through with a career-high 38 points on a night  Gilbert Arenas  was off and  Antawn Jamison  was out. Butler is, after all, having his best season and headed to the All-Star game. 
 Worst of NBA Road Kill 
 
 
 
 Seattle's less-than-SuperSonics, losers of 15 straight road games, have a ways to go before catching the most rotten NBA road teams. Crossing two seasons, the pre-Maloof-owned Kings lost 43 straight away from Sacramento. NBA history's three worst road stinkers: 
 
 
 
 
 Streak 
 
 
 Team 
 
 
 Season 
 
 
 
 
43
 
 
Kings
 
 
Nov. 1990- Nov. 1991
 
 
 
 
34
 
 
Nets
 
 
Dec. 1989- Nov. 1990
 
 
 
 
34
 
 
Cavs
 
 
Jan.-Dec., 2003
 
 
 
 
32
 
 
Bullets
 
 
Jan. 1953- March 1954
 
 
 
 Andray Blatche ,  Calvin Booth  and  Brendan Haywood  playing key roles for the  Washington Wizards , too? That's a little more out of the ordinary. With Arenas held to 16 points on 4-for-14 shooting and Jamison sidelined, Butler took over on offense and got all sorts of help in Washington's 118-108 victory over Seattle on Monday, the SuperSonics' franchise-record 15th consecutive road loss. Southeast Division-leading Washington had been 0-2 since Jamison sprained his left knee; he could be gone six weeks. "With Antawn being out, everybody has to do a little bit more. It can't just be Caron and Gil trying to overcompensate, because then that's going to make everyone look bad," said Haywood, whose season-high 20 points and 11 rebounds gave him his first 20-10 game since Nov. 28, 2004. "Guys like myself, Andray, Calvin have to be ready. We have a lot of guys who can step up. It's about having the confidence to go out there and do it." Still, it all began with Butler, who usually must take a back seat to Arenas. Not on this night. The highlight was a steal and buzzer-beating 3-pointer to end the third quarter, putting Washington up 88-79, but Butler was everywhere at both ends of the floor. He closed fast breaks with dunks, made mid-range jumpers, skipped a no-look bounce pass, harassed  Ray Allen  on defense and swatted one blocked shot into the seats. Second-year forward Blatche contributed a career-high 14 points and seven rebounds, Booth had two blocks and two assists in 10 minutes, and  DeShawn Stevenson  added 15 points. "Coach is showing a lot of confidence in me, and I appreciate it," Blatche said. "I want to come out and be energetic, rebound and block shots." Allen led Seattle with 29 points, but he shot only 3-for-14 after halftime. "Ray is doing about as much as he can," Seattle coach Bob Hill said. "I don't know if you can ask much more from a man than what he's done to carry this team." Chris Wilcox  had 24 points and 10 rebounds for the SuperSonics, who have lost five in a row overall. Seattle's road losing streak is the longest in the NBA since the  Portland Trail Blazers  dropped 16 in a row away from home in February-April 2006. "At some point in time, people have to voice their opinion, have to step up if you've got something to say or something we need to do," Allen said. "Maybe not the rookies, but I need Luke (Ridnour) to step up and say something and Nick (Collison) to step up and say something. Wilcox, I need him to say something. Because this is their team. I'm not going to say something every moment of a day." Before the game, Hill wrote this message atop the greaseboard in the visiting locker room in red ink and capital letters: "LOST 14 STRAIGHT ON THE ROAD." "Are we tough enough? Do we have competitive spirit? Do we know how to win? What is it? It's something," Hill said, before mentioning injuries as one element in his club's struggles. But, he continued, "There's other players in there, too, that need to scoot their ... chairs up to the table and be accountable." The SuperSonics led 59-56 at halftime, then used an 11-0 run -- the last six points coming from Wilcox -- to go up 70-58 with 7:45 left in the third quarter. But Washington responded with a 17-4 spurt, capped by Arenas' 3-pointer, to take a 75-74 lead with 3 1/2 minutes to go in the period. Those were Arenas' first points of the second half. Washington ended the third quarter with an 11-1 run, and the crowd was loud at the end of the period when Butler took away the ball and made his 3. A couple of Butler's teammates ran over to celebrate by leaping into him. "It worked out," Butler said. "Got the crowd into it." His coach, too. "That really got us jumping," Jordan said. "I even jumped a little bit on that one." Game notes  Seattle F  Rashard Lewis  will participate in full-contact practice Tuesday after missing 1 1/2 months with a right hand injury. Seattle is 7-14 without him. ... Butler's previous NBA best was 35 points, for the  Miami Heat  against Minnesota on March 28, 2003. ... Haywood's previous season high was 15 points. ... Blatche's career high was 10. 