SAN ANTONIO (AP) --  Dirk Nowitzki  and the Mavericks won a game
that  Manu Ginobili  said the Spurs needed but "just couldn't
take." San Antonio is getting used to that feeling when Dallas comes to
town. Nowitzki scored a season-high 36 points to lead the Mavs to
their 13th straight victory, 90-85 over the Spurs on Friday night. The Spurs lost their third straight. It also was Dallas' third
straight victory in San Antonio, dating to Game 7 of last season's
Western Conference semifinals. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 The Mavericks rallied to win their 13th straight game: a 90-85 victory over the Spurs. Dallas was the third team in NBA history to carry a winning streak of at least 12 games into a game against the Spurs at San Antonio, but the first of those teams to leave with its winning streak intact. On Jan. 28, 1992, the Bulls had a 13-game winning streak snapped with a 109-104 loss at San Antonio. Less than a year later (Jan. 3, 1993) the Suns had a 14-game streak ended with a 114-113 defeat at HemisFair Arena.  The Mavericks, who defeated Seattle the previous night, are 8-0 this season in the second of games played on consecutive days, the longest winning streak of that kind for any NBA team (within one season) since the Suns won eight in a row under those circumstances in 2004-05. No team had won its first eight such games of a season since Portland won its first nine in the abbreviated 1999 campaign.  
 For more Elias Says,  click here 
 
 
 
"Early we didn't play well. They got whatever they wanted, beat
us to every loose ball and they got too many offensive rebounds,"
Nowitzki said. "In the second half our effort was a lot better. We
had a bounce in our step. We kept making big plays." Josh Howard  added 18 points and 12 rebounds for Dallas. San Antonio was led by Ginobili, who scored 25 points. Tim
Duncan had 18 points,  Tony Parker  contributed 15 and Fabricio
Oberto was perfect from the field, going 7-of-7 and adding 14
points. "We needed it badly. We just couldn't take it, so we just got
to give them credit," Ginobili said. "We need to realize we need
to improve a lot." But Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said he was "thrilled" with his
team's effort. "We did a great job, we just came up short," he said. "That's
all there is to it." It was the teams' third meeting of the season and their second
in San Antonio. The Spurs beat the Mavericks 97-91 in November in
Dallas. The Mavs answered later that month, beating the Spurs 95-92
in San Antonio. Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, who has made fun of San Antonio's
River Walk in the past, donned a shirt early in Friday's game that
read: "I went to the San Antonio River Walk and all I got was a
rash." But later on he was sporting a different one. A Mavericks spokeswoman said Cuban removed the shirt at halftime
but she gave no reason for the change. She said he was wearing
another shirt underneath it. Cuban was unavailable after the game
for additional comment. The Spurs blew a 12-point lead and the game was tied with 3:38
to go. It was one of five ties during the matchup. The teams were
tied again at 82 before Dallas pulled away with baskets by Howard
and  Devean George . Nowitzki's fadeaway jump shot with 40 seconds left put the
Mavericks up 88-84. Duncan made a foul shot to bring the Spurs
within three, but a 3-point miss by  Bruce Bowen , followed by a pair
of made free throws from Howard, ended the evening. The Spurs took a 29-21 lead into the second quarter and extended
it to 51-40 at halftime. Oberto scored all of his points in the
first half, including a last-second tip-in just before the second
quarter ended. We "didn't have the best of first halves," Mavs coach Avery
Johnson said. "They had a lot more energy. We were just out of
sync." Nowitzki, who had 18 points in the half, was left to make up for
poor shooting by his teammates. He went 7-of-9 from the field,
while the Mavericks' other four starters made just one shot apiece
during the first half. Both teams got off to a slow start in the third, but Howard
eventually got going to help out Nowitzki. He had nine points in
the quarter. A pair of free throws by Nowitzki soon brought the Mavericks
within a point, but a last-second basket from  Michael Finley  gave
the Spurs a 69-66 advantage heading into the final 12 minutes. The Mavericks took the lead off a 3-pointer from Nowitzki with
5:29 left in the fourth. Ginobili, who was 4-of-6 behind the arc,
matched him nearly two minutes later to tie the game at 80. Johnson said he was pleased with the win, but doubted the
victory will remain memorable. "Our guys are resilient, tough-minded. Fortunately tonight we
scored one more point than them," he said. "But you're looking at
a championship team in the Spurs. I don't think anybody will
remember this game at the end of the season because this is still
January." Game notes F  Robert Horry  started in place of C  Francisco Elson , who
missed his fifth game due to a small tear in his right rotator
cuff. ... Dallas will continue its three-game road trip Sunday in
Los Angeles against the Lakers. ... San Antonio will visit the
 Memphis Grizzlies  on Sunday. ... The Mavs and Spurs will meet once
more in the regular season on April 15 in Dallas. 