MIAMI (AP) -- They wasted most of a 16-point lead in the final eight minutes, a performance that would ordinarily leave the  Miami Heat  angry and frustrated. This time, though, the only postgame emotion in the Heat locker room was relief. 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 The Heat shot 65 percent in the first half of their win over the Pacers. It was the 24th time this season than an NBA team shot 65 percent or better from the field in a half. Those teams are 20-4 in those 24 games. 
 
It was the third time this season that Miami had a field goal percentage that high in a half, the most for any NBA team. Toronto and both Los Angeles teams have done it twice. 
 
 Read more  Elias Says .
 
 
 "We got lackadaiscal, but we won a game,"  Dwyane Wade  said. "That's all we care about." Wade scored 33 points, including a game-saving layup with 4.3 seconds left, plus added eight assists and six rebounds as the Heat held on to beat the trade-depleted  Indiana Pacers  104-101 on Thursday night. Jason Williams  added 20 points and eight assists for the Heat, who led 91-75 with 8:05 left before the Pacers -- who had only 10 players in uniform -- got within two with a 23-9 run. But Wade hit a pair of free throws with 24.5 seconds left -- and after  Shawne Williams  hit a 3-pointer with 13.8 seconds left -- drove full-court for the clinching score. Danny Granger  had a career-high 28 points on 9-of-15 shooting for Indiana, but came up short on a potential game-tying 3-point try as the final buzzer sounded. "If we had one more minute that game would have gone into overtime, we would have won," Granger said. Marquis Daniels  had a season-high 23 for the Pacers, who got 17 points and 10 rebounds from  Jermaine O'Neal . The Pacers acquired  Troy Murphy ,  Mike Dunleavy ,  Ike Diogu  and  Keith McLeod  from the Warriors for  Stephen Jackson ,  Sarunas Jasikevicius ,  Josh Powell  and  Al Harrington , but none of the new players were available Thursday. The Heat were playing without  Shaquille O'Neal  for the 32nd straight game while he continues recovering from knee surgery -- he will not play in Philadelphia on Friday, either, but his return is expected soon.  Alonzo Mourning  had 14 points,  Jason Kapono  had 11 and  Michael Doleac  matched a season-high with 10 for Miami, which beat Indiana for only the third time in 17 meetings. "We won. A win is a win is a win," Heat interim coach Ron Rothstein said. "They do a great job against us, for whatever reason, of not going away. They don't go away." Indiana was within 11 points midway through the final quarter when Wade drove for a reverse layup and a 93-80 lead. The reigning NBA finals MVP, who has already missed six full games this year with a sprained right wrist, appeared to injure his right hand as he tumbled to the court -- yet stayed in the game. They needed him late, after the Pacers made a big run. Jeff Foster  had consecutive three-point plays in a 31-second span -- the last with 2:28 left -- to cap a 10-0 burst that drew Indiana to 96-92. But Jason Williams hit consecutive jumpers, the last with 1:03 left after Granger made a pair of free throws, to restore a six-point margin. One of Williams' jumpers came after Indiana was called for a backcourt violation, but the Pacers contended that the ball went off Mourning's leg. "I know the officials were trying to get them right," Pacers coach Rick Carlisle said. "I know that they were wrong but I'm not going to say anything about that because I know they will take more heat from their bosses than they will from anything that's said in the paper." Miami attacked the rim early with five of its first six baskets coming on either dunks or layups. The Heat shot 65 percent in the opening half and built a 55-49 lead at the break, after shooting a franchise-record 84.2 percent in the second quarter. Miami opened the third quarter on a 13-3 run to open a 68-52 lead, and took a 85-70 lead into the fourth, before the Pacers outscored the Heat 31-19 in the fourth. "You don't feel good about losing but you've got to feel good about the effort, considering we came in undermanned," Jermaine O'Neal said. Game notes  Granger's previous career high was 25 points, set last month in a win over the  New York Knicks . ... Indiana's new players are expected to be available Saturday when the Pacers host the Knicks. ... Miami has won five of its last six overall and is back to .500 (9-9) at home. ... The Pacers lost for only the third time in their last nine trips to Miami. ... The Heat have shot 50 percent or better in four of their last five games. ... Indiana is 1-11 on the road when trailing after three quarters. 