SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) --  Ron Artest  always seems to have a
surprise in store for the  Sacramento Kings . His mysterious knee
problems last month were unexpected, and his inconsistent play has
turned every night into an adventure. When Artest produced the highest-scoring game of his career just
three days after being shut out, the Kings finally got a pleasant
surprise from their center of attention. Artest scored a career-high 39 points with exceptional outside
shooting, and Sacramento never trailed in a 112-100 victory over
the  New York Knicks  on Tuesday night. Artest made 15 of his first 19 shots against his hometown team,
hitting three 3-pointers and scoring 13 points in the fourth
quarter to help Sacramento hang on for its fourth victory in five
games.  Mike Bibby  added 19 points and nine assists for the Kings,
who have improved dramatically since losing nine times in an
11-game stretch to begin December. Artest, who also had five steals, scored the Kings' first nine
points of the final quarter as Sacramento held off a strong rally
by the Knicks, who lost for the fourth time in five games. Artest
then surpassed his previous career high on a jumper with 6:55 to
play, finishing with eight rebounds as well. "Finally," said Artest, whose 38 percent shooting this season
hasn't reflected his extra work in the gym. "You just have to stay
with it, stay focused. A lot of people have been saying I couldn't
shoot the ball. I had a bad year or a bad season [shooting], but I
figured I would come around. I've been working hard. Things just
haven't been going my way." Artest went scoreless in the Kings' blowout win over Golden
State on Saturday, and had scored just 15 points in three games
since returning from a self-imposed two-game rest for sore knees
that the team didn't know were hurting him. Artest also says his
back is bothering him -- but everything felt strong against the
Knicks. Jamal Crawford  scored 28 points and  Stephon Marbury  had 17
points and eight assists for the Knicks, who are 0-3 on a five-game
West Coast road trip.  Eddy Curry  scored 19 points and  David Lee 
added 16 points and 15 rebounds, but New York committed 20
turnovers and couldn't slow down Artest in its sixth straight road
loss. "He was awesome. We didn't have an answer for him," Knicks
coach Isiah Thomas said. "That's the type of player he is. He has
the ability to win the game by himself. He knows when to score and
how to score. He's got the complete package." Kings center  Brad Miller  was ejected in the third quarter for
arguing with referee Gary Zielinski, but Artest easily carried
Sacramento -- and added another odd chapter to his eventful year. "Artest's performance [was] just an unbelievable offensive
display," Kings coach Eric Musselman said. "Ron is a smart
player, and he figured out that he could beat those guys off the
dribble, and then he just got in the zone." Though Artest has been mentioned in trade rumors and criticized
for his recent play, the eccentric Queensbridge native was back on
his game against the Knicks. In fact, Musselman used his three
players from New York -- Artest, the Bronx's  Francisco Garcia  and
Coney Island rookie  Quincy Douby  -- together in the second quarter
as Sacramento built a steady lead. The Kings hung on without leading scorer  Kevin Martin , who
curiously didn't play in the final 17:56. Musselman stuck with an
unusual rotation for the second straight game after giving just 12 
minutes to Artest against the Warriors. The Kings tried several different defensive strategies against
Curry, who has faced near-constant double-teams since emerging as
the Knicks' dominant low-post player. Curry managed just eight
points in the second half, and Crawford lost steam after an
impressive stretch on both ends of the court in the third quarter. "I think my teammates did a good job looking for me, but
Sacramento definitely made it difficult for me to get good looks,"
Curry said. "It was frustrating. I wish I could have done more." Game notes Zielinski abruptly ejected Miller after the center thought
he was fouled while missing a jumper, calling two technicals
simultaneously. ... Knicks G  Quentin Richardson  missed his ninth
straight game with back spasms, but New York hopes he will return
for Wednesday's game at Portland. ... The Kings improved to 16-5 in
the first game of a new year since moving to Sacramento. 