ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) --  Josh Smith  remembers losing. The  Atlanta Hawks  forward had more rebounds Monday night than his team had wins in his entire rookie season. Smith had 25 points and a season-high 16 rebounds as the Hawks evened their record at 10-10 with a 98-87 victory over the  Orlando Magic . "This win is real big -- just for us to get to .500," said Smith, who added four blocks and five assists. "I have been on this team since day one, when we won 13 games [in 2004-05]." The Hawks dealt Orlando its second straight loss, and won their third straight, picking up a potentially important game over the Southeast Division-leading Magic (16-6). The Hawks led all but the opening 90 seconds, and held Orlando's prolific 3-point shooters in check almost all game. Orlando shot a season-low 39.7 percent, though Atlanta wasn't much better. The Hawks shot 42.7 percent, but capitalized on 19 Magic turnovers for 29 points. "We did make some mistakes, but I actually thought a lot of it was them," Magic coach Stan Van Gundy said. "They've got great, great quickness as a team, and good length. I thought they made it very, very difficult on us to get quality shots -- they contested shots better than anybody that we've played against." Joe Johnson  scored 24 points for Atlanta -- 11 in the first quarter- and  Anthony Johnson  had 15 points and five assists. Hedo Turkoglu  led Orlando with 22 points, while  Dwight Howard  had 14 points and 18 rebounds,  Rashard Lewis  scored 15 points and  Keith Bogans  added 12. Howard was just 6-of-14 from the free throw line. The loss meant Orlando's first losing streak this season. "It's frustrating, of course, we lost the game, but it's not the end of the world," Lewis said. "We're still 16-6, one of the best records in the league. This happens in the NBA -- we lost two in a row." Atlanta led 49-41 at halftime, and blew the game open early in the third quarter with an 8-2 run over a 1:45 span. The Hawks took their biggest lead, 59-44, on  Marvin Williams ' turnaround jumper with 8:55 left in the third quarter. The Magic finally made a run two minutes later. Despite missing several open shots -- including at least three open 3s -- Orlando finished the quarter on a 12-4 run and trailed 69-63 entering the fourth. The Magic drew to 75-72 on consecutive 3s from Turkoglu and  Keyon Dooling , then didn't score for the next 3:42. "They made a couple, but I thought we defended the 3-point line well tonight," Hawks coach Mike Woodson said. "We just had a total 48-minute ballgame that was right on the money." Smith hit a pivotal layup to put Atlanta up by eight with just under three minutes left, and Anthony Johnson drained a 3-pointer to make it 88-77 with under two remaining. Shelden Williams  had 12 points on 6-of-6 shooting and grabbed seven rebounds in 12 minutes, but didn't play in the second half. The Hawks forward came up holding his right elbow after  Jameer Nelson  undercut him on a fastbreak layup in the second quarter. Rookie  Al Horford  played only eight minutes because of foul trouble. Horford couldn't handle Howard, getting two fouls in the first three minutes and picking up his fourth early in the third quarter. Game notes  Turkoglu saved Orlando from tying its worst first quarter shooting percentage of the season (33 percent) with a 3-pointer with 13 seconds left in the period. Joe Johnson upstaged him the next play with a 17-footer before the buzzer, confirmed by replay. ... Hawks G  Acie Law IV  dived deep into the stands after a loose ball in the fourth quarter but came up OK. ... Atlanta was 3-1 against the Magic last season, but Orlando had won five of its last six at home in the series. 