PORTLAND, Ore. -- All that was at stake was some pride and maybe a few pingpong balls. The  Portland Trail Blazers  got out of the Northwest Division cellar and put the  Seattle SuperSonics  there with a 108-102 victory Saturday night. "I know there was a lot of talk about this game being important to the lottery," Blazers coach Nate McMillan said. "But you don't want to finish last. ... If you have an opportunity to win the game you've got to take it." Jarrett Jack  scored 25 points and  Travis Outlaw  matched his career-high with 22 for the Blazers. Rashard Lewis  had 29 points for the Sonics, who have lost seven of their last eight and have the fifth-worst record in the NBA.  Chris Wilcox  added 20. The Blazers and Sonics entered the night with identical 31-47 records and missing multiple players due to injuries. The Blazers, already down four players, rested  Brandon Roy , who has been bothered by sore knees. Portland, which had lost three in a row, got 17 points from  Martell Webster .  Jamaal Magloire , who had 15 rebounds, said tanking isn't an option. "We want to win every game," he said "I thought we played well tonight. It shows we are giving ourselves a chance to win." Mike Wilks  had 17 points and 11 assists for the Sonics. Lewis has shouldered the load for Seattle since leading-scorer  Ray Allen  went out a week ago. He's averaged 28.5 points in his last four games. The 6-foot-10 forward had 30 in Seattle's 109-91 loss to Phoenix on Wednesday. Portland led 60-50 at halftime, using a 14-3 run to gain a second-quarter advantage. Seattle went on a 14-3 run to open up the second half, taking a 70-69 lead on two free throws from Wilcox. Portland led 79-78 after the third quarter. The Blazers led by as many as nine in the fourth, going up 93-84. Portland led 101-96 on a layup from Jack at 2:42, but Wilcox hit two free throws for the Sonics. Outlaw extended the lead with a jumper at 1:08 and Webster stepped in front of a bad pass from Wilks. Jack hit five of six free throws in the last 44.9 seconds for Portland. Besides Roy, the Blazers are without  LaMarcus Aldridge  (heart condition),  Zach Randolph  (hand),  Joel Przybilla  (knee) and  Ime Udoka  (knee) who have been shut down for the year. Allen had season-ending surgery last Saturday for bone spurs in his ankle. Guards  Luke Ridnour  and  Earl Watson  also have ankle injuries. Watson, already out for the season, has been fitted with a protective boot he'll have for four to six weeks because of ligament damage to his ankle. The Sonics had a chance to beat the Blazers for the third time this season. "Nobody had any energy, including myself," Lewis said. "We were just going through the motions. ... nobody played hard." Game notes  Lewis will be one of the most coveted free agents on the market in the offseason and he said the Blazers would be a good destination for him, particularly with his good relationship with McMillan, who used to coach Seattle. "I still got a lot of growing to do myself," Lewis said. "It would be good to grow with these guys and be more of a focal point and be built around." ... Roy, who had 18 points on 8-of-12 shooting in a 107-89 loss to the L.A. Clippers Friday, may sit out Portland's last two games, but no final decision has been made, McMillan said. 