PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) -- Playing in just his second game with the
 Denver Nuggets ,  Steve Blake  showed the  Portland Trail Blazers  what
they've been missing. 	   Blake, traded to Milwaukee in the offseason and acquired by
Denver from the Bucks last week, had a career-high 25 points
against his former team Sunday night, in Denver's 109-93 victory
over Portland. 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Randolph Zach Randolph, who entered the game with an average of 23.8 points per game this season, shot 1-for-12 from the field in the Trail Blazers' 109-93 loss to the Nuggets. Over the last 10 seasons, only two other players with a year-to-date scoring average as high as Randolph's had as poor a shooting average in a game (minimum: 10 field-goal attempts). Both were during the 2006 calendar year: Ray Allen (1-for-13 on March 29) and Gilbert Arenas (1-for-12 on Nov. 24).  
 Read more  Elias Says .
 
 
 	   "I'm not surprised because a good basketball player is a good
basketball player and that's what he is," said Blake's new
teammate,  Allen Iverson . 	   Iverson had 32 points and nine assists for the Nuggets, who
trailed at halftime but outscored the Blazers 41-17 in the third
quarter. 	   The victory snapped a two-game losing streak for Denver, coming
off a 90-86 loss Friday to the  Houston Rockets . 	   Blake was acquired by Denver on Thursday in a trade that sent
 Earl Boykins  to Milwaukee. He started in the backcourt for Portland
last season with  Juan Dixon . 	   "It's better than good," Blake said about his new home. "It's
been a lot of fun. We're playing the style I like to play. Coach is
letting me get the ball and push it. And with the players we have
on this team, you can't help but be successful." 	   The Blazers, coming off a victory over the  Sacramento Kings 
95-87 on Friday, have lost eight of their last 10. 	   Rookie  Sergio Rodriguez  scored a career-high 23 points and had
10 assists for Portland. 	   The Blazers' starters were largely ineffective, contributing
just 20 points. Center  Joel Przybilla  and point guard  Dan Dickau 
combined to play 23 minutes and did not score. 	   "The first unit just couldn't get it going," Portland coach
Nate McMillan said. "Not only did they have a difficult time
offensively in the third quarter -- but in giving up 41 points it
looks like they didn't defend anyone." 	   The Nuggets at times triple-teamed Portland forward 
 Zach Randolph , who scored four points on 1-of-12 shooting. Randolph was
averaging 23.9 points and 10.1 rebounds going into the game. 	   Randolph said he gets triple-teamed "all the time." That
wasn't his problem. 	   "I couldn't hit a shot," he said. "The ball wouldn't go in.
It was one of the nights." 	   Portland guard  Jarrett Jack , who was in a car accident on
Friday, remained out with a concussion. Dickau made his second
start in Jack's place. 	   Iverson scored eight straight points in the first quarter to put
Denver up 21-13. The Nuggets led by as many as 12 points early but
the Blazers closed the gap, and took a 36-35 lead on Dixon's
jumper. 	   Rodriguez hit a pull-up jumper and a layup to give the Blazers a
51-43 lead. Portland outscored the Nuggets 37-18 in the second
quarter and led 56-49 at the half. 	   The Nuggets opened the second half on an 18-0 run to take a
67-56 lead they would never relinquish. Iverson's bank shot at
10:19 pulled the Nuggets into a 56-56 tie. Blake capped the run
with his fifth 3-pointer. 	   The Blazers' first points of the second half came at 6:54 on a
 Raef LaFrentz  free throw. 	   Blake surpassed his career high of 23 set while he was a Blazer
against Houston last March 5. 	   "We stepped up defense in the third quarter and turned good
defense into good offense," Blake said. "We were pushing it and
making shots. We were clicking as a team." 


    Carmelo Anthony , Denver's leading scorer, was still serving a
15-game suspension because of the brawl against the  New York Knicks 
on Dec. 16. Anthony returns Jan. 22 against Memphis. Game notes The Blazers' 37 second-quarter points were a season high.
... Denver's 41 third-quarter points were the team's season-high,
too. ... Denver has won eight straight games against the Blazers,
and 12 of the last 13. 

    