SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) --  Kevin Martin  was glad the  Sacramento Kings  didn't waste his latest 40-point game. Martin scored a career-high 43 points Friday night in a 123-118 double-overtime victory over the  New York Knicks . "It's always good to do it and get the win, last year I got 40 and we lost [to Washington]," Martin said. Despite Martin's effort, there was nothing easy about this victory, which snapped the Kings' two-game losing streak. Sacramento squandered a 10-point lead in the fourth quarter, but the Knicks missed chances to win the game in both regulation and overtime. "They had two chances to win the game, so I told the guys before the second overtime we can't give them a third," Kings guard  Beno Udrih  said. The Kings opened the second overtime with a 9-2 run, with Martin's 3-pointer giving them a 116-109 lead with 1:34 left. Martin converted four straight free throws and  John Salmons  made two in the final 12 seconds as the Kings snapped a two-game losing streak and handed New York its fifth consecutive loss. "It was a good win for a team that in the past has had trouble winning close games, but we've got to learn from it because we made mistakes down the stretch that we have to get better from," Kings coach Reggie Theus said. Ron Artest  had 28 points and eight rebounds for the Kings. Salmons scored 16 points and  Brad Miller  had 12 points and 11 rebounds before fouling out in the first overtime. Even with the Knicks going consistently with a three-guard lineup in the second half, it was  Eddy Curry  and  David Lee  carrying their share of the load. Curry fouled out late in the second overtime with 27 points and nine rebounds, while Lee contributed 24 points and 16 rebounds. "We were in foul trouble most of the night and we wanted to try to speed the game and the pace up a bit," Knicks coach Isiah Thomas said of his team's small lineup. "We didn't finish, we didn't do what we were supposed to do." Quiet through three quarters,  Jamal Crawford  warmed up considerably in the fourth, scoring 10 points. He twice pulled the Knicks even with three-point plays in overtime, the last one tying it at 107 with 1:25 remaining. Both Crawford, who had 24 points, and Lee missed shots in the closing seconds as the game went into a second overtime. Martin shot 11-of-21 from the field, converted 16 of 19 free throws and had seven points in overtime. Martin had 20 points at the half and scored 12 in the third, but went scoreless in the fourth when the Knicks rallied to tie it. Salmons' three-point play put the Kings ahead 97-95 late in regulation. But Curry tied the game at 97 with 9.9 seconds left when he rebounded a missed perimeter shot by Crawford. Curry missed an off-balance shot with a second left to send the game into overtime. "They put me in a position to win the game and I didn't come through," Curry said. For the second straight game, point guard  Stephon Marbury  came off the bench for New York, backing up rookie  Mardy Collins . Marbury wound up with 15 points in 43 minutes, while Collins added four points and didn't play in the fourth quarter or either overtime. "For Stephon, it's not about offensive or defensive display, it's more his leadership and his ability to rally the team," said Thomas, who did not comment on whether Marbury would start Saturday night in Denver. Nate Robinson  scored 17 points for the Knicks, who trailed 57-47 at the half. Zach Randolph , the Knicks' leading scorer and rebounder, missed the game after attending his grandmother's funeral in Indiana. He could rejoin the team for its game at Denver on Saturday. Game notes  Artest missed his first five free throws and was 4-of-11 overall. ... The Knicks have dropped 10 of 11 games at Arco Arena. ... Kings reserve forward  Justin Williams  was in uniform for the first time this year after charges were dismissed earlier in the week on a sexual misconduct investigation. 