OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) -- Don Nelson downplayed a victory over the defending NBA champions minus their superstar, even suggesting an asterisk go alongside this 'W' because  Tim Duncan  didn't play. Baron Davis  had 18 points, six rebounds and six assists and Golden State took advantage of Duncan sitting out another game with a sprained ankle, beating the sloppy Spurs 96-84 on Tuesday night. Stephen Jackson  had 20 points, five assists and five boards and  Matt Barnes  added 16 points and eight rebounds as the Warriors used a big second quarter to snap the Spurs' five-game winning streak despite shooting 39 percent. "We normally don't win these types of games," Nelson said. "Most teams that shoot in the 30 percents don't win. I wouldn't call anything impressive in this game when you beat this team without Tim Duncan. Certainly we're going to take the win." San Antonio hadn't lost since its last trip to Northern California -- a 112-99 defeat at Sacramento on Nov. 26. Duncan walked gingerly to the court before the game and was in uniform, but he missed his third straight game with a sprained right ankle sustained in a Dec. 2 win over Portland. And the Spurs are far from the same team without him: They committed a season-high 21 turnovers and Golden State scored 24 points off those mistakes. Matt Bonner  led the Spurs with career highs of 25 points and 17 rebounds on a night leading scorer  Manu Ginobili  was held to 13 points on 4-for-14 shooting after recording back-to-back 37-point performances Dec. 5 against Dallas and Dec. 7 versus Utah. "I was happy," Jackson said of his defense against Ginobili. "He's been killing everybody -- scoring 37 against everybody." Andris Biedrins  added 14 points and seven rebounds and  Kelenna Azubuike  had 16 points and nine boards for the Warriors, who play at Portland on Wednesday night before returning home to face the Lakers again Friday. The Warriors are in the middle of one of their best stretches ever. They are 12-3 over their last 15 games, the franchise's best such stretch since also going 12-3 from Dec. 6, 1975, to Jan. 3, 1976. Ginobili had three points and five turnovers in an unproductive first half, and  Tony Parker  had a sub-par game with 11 points, six assists and six turnovers. San Antonio (17-4) was trying to extend its franchise-best start. "Manu had a difficult night -- 82 games, people are people," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. "They are not machines." The Spurs cut the Warriors' lead to 81-70 on Bonner's basket with 9:21 to play, then he hit a 3 with 6:39 left that made it 83-74. But Davis scored on a driving layin moments later. Davis started the game guarding  Bruce Bowen  after drawing  Dwyane Wade  of the  Miami Heat  on Friday night followed by Lakers star  Kobe Bryant  on Sunday in Los Angeles. The Spurs led 25-23 after the first quarter but started the second 1-for-9 and didn't score their third point until a free throw by Ginobili at the 5:06 mark. Bowen's 19-foot jumper at 4:23 was just the team's second field goal of the quarter. San Antonio needed a timeout following  Al Harrington 's transition dunk at 6:29 off a nice pass from Jackson. Jackson hit a 3 from the top on Golden State's next possession for a 38-27 lead. San Antonio committed eight second-quarter turnovers, shot 4-for-17 and trailed 53-37 at halftime after matching its season low for a quarter with only 12 points. "I think the important thing is we got down pretty big in the second quarter," Bonner said. "We kept fighting, battled back and got it down to single digits and had a chance to make a run at the end to make a game of it. They came up with some big shots to put it out of reach." The Spurs took three of four meetings last season between the teams and had won the last three and 33 of 38. Golden State guard  Monta Ellis  strained his left thigh and could be questionable for Wednesday's game with the Trail Blazers. Game notes  Bonner's boards were the most by a Spur this season. ... Nelson didn't want Davis to have to guard Ginobili, the Spurs' leading scorer. "I don't want to do that every night," Nelson said of such demands on Davis. ... Barnes underwent a precautionary MRI on his left hand Monday and the results showed no ligament damage in his injured middle and ring fingers. "I wasn't going to stop playing," Barnes said. "But I wanted to make sure it wasn't the ligament. I just want to play healthy and have a clear mind. That's all I ask." ... The Warriors drew 19,827 for their eighth sellout in 11 home games. ... On Thursday, Barnes will surprise 15 needy kids with a shopping spree at Adidas in San Francisco. 