PHILADELPHIA -- The  Philadelphia 76ers  were embarrassed in their previous two games. They came out determined to make sure they didn't feel that way again. Andre Miller  scored 19 points to lead seven Philadelphia players in double figures, and the 76ers snapped a two-game losing streak with a 106-97 victory over the  Charlotte Bobcats  on Friday night. Willie Green  scored 18,  Kyle Korver  added 13 and  Steven Hunter  had 12 for the Sixers, who had lost their previous two games to Houston and Detroit by a combined 71 points.  Rodney Carney  and  Joe Smith  had 11 points apiece while  Samuel Dalembert  added 10. "The last two games were tough to take," said Miller, who shot 8-of-12 and had nine assists. "We got off to slow starts and it got worse from there. I knew that couldn't happen again. This was one we knew we had to have." The Sixers played without leading scorer  Andre Iguodala , who missed the game with a strained lower back. It was the first game Iguodala, averaging 18.1 points, missed after beginning his NBA career with a streak of starting 232 regular-season games. Iguodala's was the third-longest active streak behind San Antonio's  Bruce Bowen  and Detroit's  Tayshaun Prince . "It was weird playing without Andre," Korver said. "He hasn't missed a game. He's a great player and a future All-Star. We obviously want him back as soon as possible. Without him, we had to come together as a team and we did that tonight." Gerald Wallace  scored 21,  Walter Herrmann  added 17 while  Raymond Felton  and  Brevin Knight  had 11 points apiece for the Bobcats, who had won two straight.  Adam Morrison  added 10 for Charlotte (26-44), which would have surpassed last season's win total with a victory. "We're playing well and we'll keep playing hard and try to get to 30 wins," Morrison said. "We won't stop working hard." A 3-pointer by Herrmann cut the Sixers' lead to 90-80 with 8:41 remaining. But Philadelphia responded with six straight points -- two baskets by Miller and one by Green -- for a 96-80 advantage. The Bobcats managed to cut the lead to nine in the final 2:07, but they got no closer. "We just didn't have our legs and Philadelphia played very well collectively," Charlotte coach Bernie Bickerstaff said. The Sixers shot 55 percent from the field and outrebounded Charlotte 43-28. Philadelphia led 69-48 at halftime thanks to some stellar shooting. The Sixers hit 26 of 39 shots from the field and were 13-of-14 from the free throw line. All nine players scored in the first half, led by Miller with 13 points and Hunter with 12. "We set the tone in the first half and it carried from there," Hunter said. "We didn't want a repeat of the past two games. We kept the pressure on from beginning to end." Game notes  The Sixers shot 81 percent from the field (17-of-21) in the first quarter. ... The Sixers improved to 18-17 at the Wachovia Center. ... The Sixers have split four games with the Bobcats this season. ... The Sixers are 22-24 since trading  Allen Iverson  to Denver. ... Charlotte forward  Emeka Okafor  sat out with a strained calf. ... The Sixers never trailed in the game. ... Former Eagles coach Dick Vermeil attended the game. 