OAKLAND, Calif. -- With each road win, the  Atlanta Hawks  are gaining more and more confidence -- and perhaps that helped them close out another tough game. Josh Smith  scored 11 of his 29 points in Atlanta's big first quarter and also had 10 rebounds, leading the Hawks past the  Golden State Warriors  106-105 on Sunday night for their fifth straight road victory. Joe Johnson  added 21 points and 11 assists as Atlanta snapped a four-game losing streak in Oakland and dealt the Warriors only their ninth loss in 27 home games. "It was a big win for us as far as confidence on this West Coast trip," Johnson said. "We've got to stay motivated, stay confident, stick with the game plan and play hard night in and night out for 48 minutes." Atlanta has won five straight road games for the first time since getting seven victories in a row away from home from Nov. 17-Dec. 22, 1993. The Hawks survived this one, despite missing five of six free throws during one stretch in the final 1:04. Matt Barnes  and  Monta Ellis  scored back-to-back baskets in a 4-second span during the final minute, taking advantage of a turnover by Atlanta to pull within 106-105.  Josh Childress  then missed a shot on the other end to give Golden State a final chance. But  Stephen Jackson  missed a 19-footer from the baseline to win it. Coach Don Nelson called the missed opportunities "a kick in the teeth." Barnes had 17 points and 12 rebounds, and  Andris Biedrins  had 16 points, 16 rebounds and four assists for the undermanned Warriors, who have lost their last three meetings with the Hawks after winning seven in a row. Ellis scored 21 points, but missed two free throws with 1:25 left, while  Kelenna Azubuike  added 16 points and Jackson 15. Jackson said he should have passed to an open Ellis, but didn't have much chance to contemplate his decision. "I got a good look, my shot was just short," he said. "I didn't have any legs. I should have made a play for somebody else but I wasn't thinking fast enough." The Hawks won 120-111 at Phoenix on Friday night -- just the second loss in 22 tries to the Eastern Conference for the Pacific Division-leading Suns, who saw a five-game winning streak against Atlanta snapped. Golden State pulled within two on a pair of free throws by  Sarunas Jasikevicius  at 10:28, then Smith answered with back-to-back breakaway dunks to start a 12-4 run for the Hawks. Atlanta has three games left on its five-game road trip -- at Utah, the  Los Angeles Clippers  and Chicago. "We're learning how to win," Hawks coach Mike Woodson said. "A lot of it is getting some healthy bodies back. ... It's a learning curve for everybody." Former Stanford star Childress returned to the Bay Area and had 13 points and eight rebounds off the bench for the Hawks, who also beat the Warriors 115-94 at home Jan. 31. Former Warriors guard  Speedy Claxton  added 12 points and 10 assists. Childress hit a 3-pointer late in the third period after the Warriors had pulled within four. Golden State was without three starters and it showed on both ends of the floor -- despite six players scoring 14 points or more. Baron Davis  has missed the last four games nursing a bruised left knee.  Mickael Pietrus  has been sidelined with a sprained right ankle, while  Jason Richardson  is out until sometime after next weekend's All-Star break with a broken bone in his right hand sustained Dec. 30 against Sacramento. Then, forward  Al Harrington  took an elbow to the head late in the first quarter and was examined for a concussion. He returned for the third quarter with a bad headache going from above his right temple all the way down his face. "My head's never hurt this bad before," said Harrington, who hoped to play Monday at Denver. Atlanta, which came in averaging 20.3 assists and 14.9 turnovers per game over its previous 16 games, had 30 assists and 18 turnovers. The Hawks made 12 of their first 19 shots to build a quick 29-18 lead against a defense Nelson is trying to improve. The Hawks scored 34 points in the opening quarter for their highest output in a first period this season. "We have to get better defensively," Nelson said. "There are some obvious faults of this team: We're small and we're young. Those are two big issues in the game of basketball." Game notes  The Hawks won only eight road games last season. ... Nelson looks forward to having his full roster back and healthy. He had only nine available players. Does he spend time thinking about it? "Yeah, I do that in private," he said. "It would be fun to see how they do." ... Biedrins recorded his fourth double-double in five games and 16th of the season. 