PHILADELPHIA -- For the first 10 minutes, Philadelphia played like the team that not long ago had the worst record in the league instead of the one that has staged a meaningful turnaround. Then the 76ers got it going and showed again they are no longer the biggest pushover in the NBA. Andre Iguodala  scored 21 points and the Sixers extended their winning streak to a season-high four games with a 99-86 victory over the  New Jersey Nets  on Sunday night. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Kidd A small consolation in the Nets' loss was Jason Kidd's career-high 10th triple-double of the season. The last player to reach double-figures in a season was Grant Hill, who did it in consecutive seasons (1995-96 and 1996-97).  
 Read more  Elias Says .
 
 
 
 Willie Green  and  Kyle Korver  each scored 20 points for the Sixers, who rallied from a 17-point deficit in the first quarter for their biggest comeback victory of the season. "This team has come a really long way," Korver said. Once 19 games under .500 on Jan. 21, the Sixers have gone a respectable 11-8 since then and are playing with a confidence and chemistry sorely lacking when they had  Allen Iverson  and  Chris Webber . All four wins on this streak have come at the Wachovia Center, where they are only one game under .500 (14-15), have a five-game win streak and will play two more times this week. This wasn't the kind of game the Sixers would have expected to win in December. "Oh hell no," forward  Steven Hunter  said. "Not then. But we're a pretty good team now." Much better than what they were after their only other three-game winning streak this season. The Sixers opened the season with three straight victories, then dropped 17 of 19 and appeared pretty much shot. "After our last three-game winning streak, it obviously wasn't very good for us," Korver said. Jason Kidd  posted his 85th career triple-double with 11 points, 14 assists and 14 rebounds. The 10 triple-doubles this year are the most for Kidd in any season.  Bostjan Nachbar  scored 21 points for the Nets, who blew this one a day after an overtime loss to Boston. "We haven't shot ourselves in the foot yet, but we let two opportunities go by," Kidd said. "It's never the right time to lose. Right now, we're running out of games." Vince Carter  missed his final 14 shots and finished with only nine points. The Nets seemed as if they put that loss to Boston behind them in a hurry, opening a 24-7 lead against the Sixers. When Kidd hit a 20-footer during the spurt for his second basket, it gave him one more than he had against the Celtics. Carter and the Nets wilted while Korver came off the bench and sparked a Sixers' run. They hit 22 of 31 shots and to wipe out the deficit with a stunning comeback. "It's been the high point of the season so far," Iguodala said. Louis Williams , another reserve, and Korver hit 3s early in the second quarter that pulled the Sixers within four. Then Korver hit a 3 that put them ahead 36-33 and Williams slipped underneath three defenders for a rebound and basket that made it a five-point game and the resurgent Sixers never trailed again. "I knew the way we'd been playing, we were going to give ourselves a chance," coach Maurice Cheeks said. After making all four 3-pointers in the first half while building a 49-43 lead, the 76ers didn't hit one in the third quarter, but shot 57 percent. This time it was Green leading the way with six baskets and 12 points. His turnaround jumper late in the third made it 72-53. That gave the Sixers a 65-29 run since they trailed by 19. Green scored 18 points in the second half.  Andre Miller  had 11 points and 12 assists, and  Joe Smith  added 11 points and 10 rebounds. New Jersey went on a run of its own, and  Eddie House  hit a 3 that pulled them to 80-70 in the fourth. But Korver responded with another 3-pointer that pushed the lead back to 13 and gave the fans in another awful crowd a reason to feel good about the rest of the season. The Nets now head to Texas for three games, clinging to the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. "We're still in the hunt," Carter said. "We'll be in the playoffs. But this isn't the way to do it." Game notes  Sixers F  Rodney Carney  is day-to-day with a torn rotator cuff. ... The Sixers hadn't won five straight at home since March 6-30, 2004. ... Grant was the last player to reach double digits in triple-doubles for a season when he had 13 with Detroit in 1996-97. ... The Sixers had 27 assists, one shy of their season high. 