PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) -- The last time the  Portland Trail Blazers  managed a winning month was November 2004. At least, it was.  Brandon Roy  helped Portland to its eighth straight win with 24 points and eight assists in the Trail Blazers' 88-76 win over the  New Orleans Hornets  on Monday night. "When you've won seven in a row you start to believe you can win every game," said Roy, who was 10-of-17 from the field and made key baskets in the fourth quarter as Portland pulled away. David West  had 21 points and  Tyson Chandler  had 16 points and 19 rebounds for the Hornets, who lost for the fourth straight time at the Rose Garden. Martell Webster  had 13 points and  Steve Blake  had 10 for the Blazers, who started off slow, shooting just 34 percent in the first half.  The Blazers (13-12) last won eight straight in 2002-03. They are 8-1 in December. Chris Paul  had 11 points and eight rebounds for New Orleans.  Rasual Butler  had 10. New Orleans was coming off a big win over Phoenix on Saturday, in which Paul had his 12th double-double of the season, but he made just 5 of 15 shots against the Blazers. "If we make shots we win the game," Paul said. "That's all it was. We didn't make shots." Both teams were missing starters they had hoped to have back. Portland's  LaMarcus Aldridge  has battled plantar fasciitis.  Peja Stojakovic  sat out with a strained left groin for the second game after reinjuring it. The Hornets shot 40.8 percent from the field. They might have fallen behind earlier in the game if not for a 47-36 rebounding advantage, and Chandler's dominance on the offensive glass, where he had 12 of his rebounds and many of his points. "When you don't have shots falling it's going to be tough some nights," he said. "[The Blazers] are playing great at home. They definitely have home-court advantage because you couldn't hear anything out there." The score was tied 11 times in a back and forth first half, but New Orleans led 39-37 at halftime. The Blazers didn't really take control until New Orleans went scoreless for more than six minutes in the final quarter. Roy, averaging 24 points during Portland's streak, put the Blazers up 71-66 with a 3 that beat the shot clock early in the fourth. Channing Frye 's tip-in made it 73-66 and gave Portland its biggest lead of the game at that point.  Jarrett Jack  made a 3-pointer to extend the lead to 10 with 4:28 to go. Chandler's offensive rebound and monster dunk cut the lead to 78-71, but Roy countered with a driving basket for the Blazers. Morris Peterson  picked up a technical foul for taunting  Joel Przybilla , got another one arguing the call and was ejected. James Jones  made one of two technical shots, and Roy found Frye from a 20-foot jumper that put the game away. "There's been times this season when we would have folded in a game like this," Roy said. "But tonight we never put our heads down." Game notes  Roy became the first Blazers player to win back-to-back player of the week awards since Clyde Drexler in 1987-88. ... Hornets coach Byron Scott said  Melvin Ely  will not need surgery on his left eye socket, fractured when he took an elbow from  Kenyon Martin  last week in Denver. Ely won't return until mid-January, however. ... Blazers coach Nate McMillan said he wants Aldridge to practice before his return, which is likely to be Wednesday against Toronto. ... Roy is only the third Blazer to win the Player of the Week award twice. Drexler won it five times and Billy Ray Bates twice. 