PHILADELPHIA -- One good half was good enough for the  Philadelphia 76ers . Andre Iguodala  scored 25 points and the 76ers rallied from a 17-point third-quarter deficit Sunday night for a 109-104 overtime victory over the  Atlanta Hawks . Willie Green 's 3-pointer with 4:23 left in overtime gave the 76ers their first lead since midway through the first quarter and put Philadelphia ahead for good.  Joe Smith  scored 14 of his season-high 18 points after halftime, while  Samuel Dalembert  finished with 16 points and 10 rebounds. Green scored 14 points. The 76ers kept their slim Eastern Conference playoff hopes alive, as they trail the eighth-place  Orlando Magic  by four games with six to play. "It was a tale of two halves," Philadelphia coach Maurice Cheeks said. "In the first half, they were getting up and down the floor, outrunning us and getting easy shots. Their zone bothered us in the first half, but in the second half we attacked the zone and figured it out." Tyronn Lue  scored 24 points to lead Atlanta, while  Marvin Williams  scored 21 but missed a potential game-tying 3-pointer with 8.6 seconds left. Josh Smith  scored 16 for the Hawks but got in a verbal confrontation with Atlanta coach Mike Woodson at the end of regulation and was sent to the locker room before the start of overtime. "It's something that will be addressed (Monday)," Woodson said of Smith, who averages 16.1 points and is the Hawks' top scorer with  Joe Johnson  sidelined by a right calf injury. "I sent him in because of conduct, but I'll address it (Monday) in Atlanta." Lue hit all five of his shots and scored 13 points in the first quarter as Atlanta used an 18-4 run to build a 30-24 lead. When Lue cooled down in the second quarter,  Slava Medvedenko  picked up the slack. Medvedenko, who had played sparingly in just 10 games this season, scored 10 points in the period, and the Hawks took a 53-41 lead into halftime, despite 13 points from Iguodala. Atlanta shot 57 percent from the floor (21-for-37) and enjoyed a 26-17 rebounding edge in the first half. The Hawks extended their lead to 17 early in the third quarter, with  Solomon Jones  catching a lob pass over Green for a dunk and then Josh Smith catching an alley-oop pass from Williams for a reverse layup that gave Atlanta a 64-47 lead. But Philadelphia finished the quarter on a 13-4 run to draw close. Carney's 3-pointer with 1.1 seconds left in the third trimmed Atlanta's lead to 74-70 entering the fourth. Consecutive three-point plays by  Bobby Jones  and Dalembert helped the 76ers pull within 85-82 midway through the fourth quarter. Philadelphia slowly chipped away at the lead and finally tied the score at 93-all when Iguodala maneuvered through Atlanta's defense for a ferocious dunk with 56 seconds left. The Hawks had the final shot to win in regulation when  Anthony Johnson  won a jump ball from Iguodala with 17 seconds left, but Lue missed an off-balance runner at the horn. Game notes  Medvedenko had not played more than five minutes in a game -- and had scored just 18 points -- all season. ... Lue also finished with a game-high nine assists and tied a career-best with eight rebounds. Carney sprained his left knee with 1:48 left in regulation and did not return. ... Philadelphia has won eight of the last 10 meetings between the teams and has won five straight overtime games. 