MIAMI (AP) -- The  Miami Heat  upgraded their bench Tuesday, and the result was an easy night for the starters. Pulled from the starting lineup for the first time this season,  Ricky Davis  and  Jason Williams  responded with strong games as reserves to help the struggling Heat beat the  Charlotte Bobcats  110-90. Davis equaled a season high with 23 points, while Williams totaled 11 points and eight assists with no turnovers. Rookie reserve  Daequan Cook  added a season-high 19 points while missing only two shots. With the bench sparking the blowout,  Dwyane Wade  played only 26 minutes, and  Shaquille O'Neal  played 22. "I can't remember the last victory we had like this," Wade said. "It feels good." Miami, still last in the Southeast Division, improved to 2-5 at home. The Heat snapped a four-game losing streak against Charlotte, including two defeats this season. Miami coach Pat Riley replaced Davis and Williams in the lineup with  Chris Quinn  and  Penny Hardaway . Quinn made his second career start and first this season. "We were front-loaded and not playing well," Riley said. "This balances the energy. I'm looking for balance across the board -- energy, talent and skills." In addition, Heat reserve guard  Smush Parker  was inactive and not at the arena. He missed shootaround Tuesday morning and was involved in a legal incident that the team is investigating, but he was not arrested, the Heat said. They declined to give further details. The lineup changes produced the Heat's best offensive effort yet. They shot a season-high 58 percent, and their point total and margin of victory were also season highs. "We played with a lot more energy," O'Neal said. "J-Will and Ricky got more touches and shots." Miami's reserves shot 22-for-33 (.667). Davis was 9-for-14 and Williams 4-for-6. "It's a good look for me coming off the bench creating energy," Davis said. "I've always said it doesn't matter if you start -- it's if you're out there at the end." The Bobcats lost their fourth game in a row. "They came out hitting shots," Charlotte guard  Raymond Felton  said. "We came out and we weren't executing, but they could have won the game even if we were executing. They basically blew us out." Wade took only 11 shots and scored 13 points. O'Neal had 15 points, including slam dunks on alley-oop passes from Williams and Wade. "We're starting to get into a groove," O'Neal said. Gerald Wallace , who returned to the Bobcats' lineup after missing one game with a strained calf, led them with 16 points. But the game began to slip away from Charlotte early. The Heat scored 10 consecutive points to go ahead 16-8, and Davis sank his first two shots off the bench for a 30-18 lead. By halftime Davis had 15 points, and the Heat led 55-43. "They took him out of the starting lineup, and that turned out to be a great move," Bobcats coach Sam Vincent said. "He gave them an incredible punch off the bench. He came into a role where he could just shoot the ball and be aggressive and just have no conscience, and it worked really well for him." Williams made consecutive shots and then Davis made two in a row to put Miami ahead by 18 for the first time. That came during an 15-0 spurt that gave the Heat a 90-62 lead early in the fourth period. Game notes  Heat swingman  Dorell Wright  sprained his wrist in practice Monday and was inactive. ... The Bobcats fell to 1-6 when trailing after one quarter. ... The Heat reached 100 points for only the second time this season. ... Miami's  Joel Anthony  made his NBA debut but didn't try a shot in five minutes. 