LOS ANGELES (AP) -- The last time the  Milwaukee Bucks  played the  Los Angeles Clippers  at Staples Center,  Elton Brand  and  Shaun Livingston  were healthy and  Michael Redd  was sidelined with a knee injury. This time, the cast was on the other foot. Redd scored 10 of his 25 points in the final 3:36,  Andrew Bogut  had 19 points and 12 rebounds, and the Bucks rallied from a 15-point second-quarter deficit to beat the Clippers 87-78 Tuesday night. Corey Maggette  scored 20 points and  Chris Kaman  added 13 points and 11 rebounds for the Clippers, who were buried by a game-ending 14-4 run after  Tim Thomas ' 3-pointer gave them their last lead at 74-73 with 4 minutes left. Redd fueled the Bucks' late rally with a pair of 3-pointers and two driving layups. "I'm a competitor, and I know my responsibilities is to get the ball and make things happen at the end of the game," Redd said. "I love that challenge. Tonight was special because we won on the road and came back from a large deficit." Bogut thought the game turned after coach Larry Krystkowiak instructed him to take charge at the offensive end. "He told me I had to be more aggressive and want the ball more, and take it to the basket more," Bogut said. "It helps when my teammates have the confidence in me to come to me and give me the ball. The Clippers then started to double-team, and it opened the game up for us." No one besides Redd and Bogut scored in double figures for the Bucks, who snapped a four-game losing streak. Milwaukee had lost its previous five meetings against the Clippers and seven straight in Los Angeles. "It was a very winnable game for us," Thomas said. "But we let Michael Redd get going in the second half, and that pretty much killed us." Mo Williams  and  Charlie Villanueva  also were out with shoulder ailments the last time the Bucks were here on Jan. 23 in a 115-96 loss, and former Clipper  Bobby Simmons  was already done for the season after undergoing surgery on his right heel. In this one, the trio were a combined 7-for-27 from the field with 17 points. The Clippers' sixth consecutive loss matched their longest skid of last season. The last time they lost more than six straight was in February 2005, when they dropped eight straight -- all on the road. The major injuries to Brand and Livingston -- both of whom will be sidelined for more than half the season -- have caught up to them. After a 4-0 start, the Clippers have lost 10 of 12. Several players in coach  Mike Dunleavy 's regular rotation are playing hurt, and only four of them -- Kaman, Thomas,  Quinton Ross  and  Ruben Patterson  -- have played in all 16 games. Milwaukee is one of just four teams that have used the same starting lineup in every game. The others are Boston, Philadelphia and San Antonio, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. "Knock on wood, it will remain the same," said Krystkowiak, who was forced to use 20 different lineups last season. "From our perspective, we kind of like it the way it is. All you have to do is look across the way at the Clippers right now, or flash back to last year when we had so many different lineups." If Dunleavy had his wish, Brand, Livingston, Kaman, Maggette and  Cuttino Mobley , would have started every game. But with things being how they are, the team used its 11th different lineup of the season against the Bucks. "Certain teams have been more fortunate than others, that's for sure," said Dunleavy, who envies Krystkowiak in that regard. "It's great to have that, because you create continuity and rotations and everything else. If the other team is healthy and we're healthy, I'll take my chances. But everybody goes through injuries at some point." The Clippers jumped out to an 11-point lead with a 15-2 run in the first quarter and led 49-36 at halftime. The Bucks eventually pulled even at 60 on two free throws by Redd with 1:47 left in the third quarter that capped a 24-9 run. They took their first lead, 64-62, with 21 seconds left in the period on two more foul shots by Williams, who was 3-for-14 from the field. Maggette, whose playing status was a game-time decision after he re-injured his right hamstring in Sunday's loss to Indiana, led all scorers in the first half with 14 points against a spongy defense that was whistled for only three fouls the entire half and gave up 24 points in the paint before intermission. Game notes  Milwaukee began its longest road trip of the season, a stretch of five games in seven nights. ... Kaman, a fifth-year center, already has 12 double-doubles -- just two fewer than he had all of last season in 75 games. ... Dunleavy still needs one more win to break the franchise record of 158, which Jack Ramsay set when the franchise was known as the Buffalo Braves. Dunleavy's career coaching record was eight games over .500 when he joined the Clippers. It is now 20 games under .500 (556-576), including a 107-221 mark in his four seasons as Bucks coach. 