LOS ANGELES (AP) -- The  Golden State Warriors  needed a victory Sunday night to complete their best record in a 14-game span since the 1975-76 season. Unfortunately, they were playing the  Los Angeles Lakers , and that hasn't proven to be in their best interests for some time. Kobe Bryant  scored 20 of his 28 points in the second half, six teammates joined him in double figures, and the Lakers pulled away late to beat the Warriors 123-113 for their ninth straight win over their in-state rivals. The win was the third straight for the Lakers (12-8), who have won 14 of their last 15 games over Golden State and have a 16-1 record against the Warriors at Staples Center since the facility opened eight years ago. "It's a game of matchups," said Bryant, who had six rebounds and a season-high eight assists. "They pride themselves on playing small ball. We match up pretty well with them." The Warriors (11-9) were shooting for their 12th win in 14 games -- their most most victories in a 14-game span since they went 13-2 during a 15-game stretch 32 years ago. "They're a big team, and we just got outhustled," said  Baron Davis , who led the Warriors with 20 points, eight rebounds and seven assists. "I think the reason why we lose to them is that we let the other guys -- their bench -- get those 8, 10s and 12s. "Somebody for them is always having a career game against us." That would be  Andrew Bynum  in this game. The 20-year-old center matched a career high with 20 points and also had 11 rebounds and five blocked shots.  Derek Fisher  scored 15 points;  Lamar Odom  added 14 points, 10 rebounds and six assists, and  Vladimir Radmanovic  also scored 14 for the Lakers. Stephen Jackson  scored 18 points,  Mickael Pietrus  added 14 and  Monta Ellis  had 13 for the Golden State. "We played a stellar second half," Lakers coach Phil Jackson said. "We were able to get it to Andrew and use him to our advantage." Bryant said he believes that through 20 games, the Lakers are "playing well enough to keep our heads above water." "I think the key for us is to keep getting better, believe we can get better," he said. The Warriors scored five straight points to cut the Lakers' lead to four early in the fourth quarter before two baskets by Bryant and a 3-pointer by Radmanovic triggered a 17-4 run that put the game away. "Defensively, we got stops when we needed to," Odom said. "When everyone gets involved offensively, that really helps our defense. We need more games like that. "We knew how they were going to play. Their style is real loose. Games like that are always fun to play." Fisher said he believes the Lakers' size advantage has been the key to their dominance of the Warriors. "That was evident tonight when you've got a force in the middle you can get the ball to and make their defense collapse," he said. "I think Andrew Bynum was the difference in the game." Bynum shot 9-of-14 while playing 28 minutes. "They're a smaller team. They have a bunch of matchup problems," he said. "Things went well for me tonight. I got the ball down low and they went down for me." The Warriors scored 12 straight points for a 71-68 lead early in the third quarter. They led 73-70 when 3-pointers by Bryant and Fisher triggered an 18-4 run that put the Lakers ahead 88-77. They led the rest of the way. "We were beaten, outplayed, and they deserved to win," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "They certainly played better than we did." Neither team led by more than seven points in the first half, which ended with the Lakers on top 60-59 thanks to an 11-3 run to finish the second quarter. Bryant shot 3-of-13 for eight points in the half. Bryant and Odom, the Lakers' leading scorers, combined to shoot 1-of-8 and score five points in the first quarter, but their teammates went 11-of-16 and the teams were tied 31-all. Davis scored 15 for the Warriors. Game notes  The Warriors outrebounded the Lakers 47-38. ... Miami's Pat Riley joined Nelson and Lenny Wilkens as the only NBA coaches to reach the 1,200-victory plateau when the Heat beat the Clippers 100-94 in the first half of a Sunday doubleheader at Staples Center. "I'm happy for him," Nelson said. "I'm glad it wasn't against us. He probably should have had it against us." Nelson referred to Golden State's 120-113 victory over Miami on Friday night, when the Warriors rallied from an 18-point deficit. ... Lakers C  Kwame Brown  missed his 11th game with injuries to his left knee and ankle, and teammate  Luke Walton  didn't play because of the sprained right ankle he suffered during practice Friday. ... Lakers F  Ronny Turiaf  returned after missing two games because of a concussion and scored 10 points in 20 minutes. ... Golden State's  DJ Mbenga  scored seven points in 14 minutes. He entered having scored six points in 14 minutes this season. 