SEATTLE -- When  Jacque Vaughn  knocks down a 3-pointer -- his first of the season --  Tony Parker  knows it's been a very good night. And Parker got it all started. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Ginobili Manu Ginobili led the Spurs with 19 points in their 120-79 win at Seattle. It was only the second game in NBA history in which a visiting team posted a win by more than 40 points without any player scoring as many as 20 points. The Lakers defeated the Warriors 123-82 in 1977, and their leading scorer was Adrian Dantley with 19 points. 
 Read more  Elias Says .
 
 
 
Parker scored 10 of his 18 points in the first quarter,  Manu Ginobili  hit five of the Spurs' season-high 16 3-pointers, and San Antonio rolled to a 120-79 win over the  Seattle SuperSonics  on Sunday night. Nearly everyone on the Spurs roster hit at least one 3-pointer -- even Vaughn, whose 24-footer with 25 seconds left was his first of the season. Only  Robert Horry ,  Tim Duncan  and centers  Francisco Elson  and  Fabricio Oberto  were left out of the 3-point barrage. "We hit a lot of them, especially in the second half," Ginobili said. "We moved the ball really well against their zone and their press and the shots were falling. It makes things much easier." Ginobili finished with 19 points off the bench, as the Spurs had more bench players finish in double figures (four) than starters (three). It was easy for San Antonio on this night winning its third straight, 16th in the past 18 games and handing Seattle one of its worst home losses in franchise history. The 41-point margin was Seattle's biggest home loss since a 44-point setback to Dallas in 1985. Seattle's worst home loss was a 47-point loss to Boston in 1968. Seattle never led and looked ready for the offseason to arrive, especially after receiving word earlier Sunday that All-Star guard  Ray Allen  will miss the rest of the season after deciding he will have surgery on his injured left ankle. "It's only normal to be frustrated on a night like this," said Seattle's  Damien Wilkins , who scored seven points starting in Allen's place. San Antonio's outside shooting exposed Seattle's zone defense whether it was Ginobili, Parker or even  Matt Bonner , San Antonio's exceptional ball movement constantly found open shooters. The Spurs made 16 of their 31 attempts from long-range, including 12 in the second half. "Finally we figured out to be aggressive and for whatever reason we weren't to start," San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich said. "When we were, the game was over." Tim Duncan added 16 points and 10 rebounds, and San Antonio's bench accounted for 64 points. Reserves Vaughn (13 points), Bonner (12) and  Michael Finley  (10), joined Ginobili in double figures. The Spurs routed Seattle for the third time this season, having beat the Sonics by 20 in November and by 31 last month in San Antonio. Without Allen and his 26.4 points, Seattle's offense had little potency from the perimeter.  Luke Ridnour  led Seattle with 16 points, but mostly scored on drives to the basket. Seattle, shooting 35.4 percent on 3-pointers this season, made just 3 of 12 3s. The game became sloppy and reserved for seldom-used bench players in the fourth quarter. Seattle even used rugged forward  Danny Fortson , who received a standing ovation when he checked in for the first time since Jan. 5, and promptly picked up a foul after just 44 seconds. Not surprisingly, Popovich immediately pulled Ginobili, Duncan and Parker. "It felt like we were battling from 15 points down the whole game," Ridnour said. "A team like the Spurs, you get down like that and they know what to do." Chris Wilcox  had 14 points and nine rebounds, and  Rashard Lewis  added 13 for Seattle, but made just 4 of 11 shots and spent the final 10 minutes on the bench with a wrap on his back. The Spurs put this one away with an overpowering 8-minute stretch to start the second quarter. Leading 30-23, the Spurs started the quarter on a 17-5 run, building the lead to 47-28 on a pair of Parker free throws. Seattle's offense struggled to get clean looks at the basket, going 6:30 of the quarter before getting its first field goal, on a spinning jumper by  Johan Petro . Only a 12-6 spurt by the Sonics to close the half kept Seattle within range. As if the Spurs needed more help, Seattle's  Nick Collison  inadvertently tipped in Parker's miss on the first possession of the third quarter. It set the tone, as Seattle was outscored 67-39 in the second half. Game notes  Horry left in the first quarter with a pulled stomach muscle, Popovich said. He did not return, but sat on the bench for some of the second half. ... Fortson got the loudest cheers of the night, until Hall of Fame QB Warren Moon threw a pair of autographed footballs into the stands minutes later during a timeout. 