PHILADELPHIA (AP) --  Jason Kidd  made it a nifty 50 with New Jersey. Kidd posted his 50th triple-double with the Nets, his box score stuffed again with 16 points, 14 rebounds and 10 assists in New Jersey's 93-88 win over the  Philadelphia 76ers  on Saturday night. "Oh, he had a triple-double?" said teammate  Richard Jefferson , with a smile. "If he continues to play hard, he may be able to get a few of those in his career." The triple-doubles are almost routine for the veteran point guard. So are the clutch shots. Kidd thwarted a late Sixers rally with a 3-pointer from the left side to give the Nets an 86-80 lead. Kidd was dependable as he's always been for New Jersey, posting his 88th career triple-double and helping them rebound after they were pounded a night earlier in a 37-point loss to Toronto. "He is a franchise, that's why he's a franchise player," Jefferson said. Jefferson scored 22 points and  Vince Carter  added 18 points for the Nets. Andre Iguodala  led the Sixers with 16 points, and  Kyle Korver  had 11 points and 11 rebounds. The Nets needed that kind of effort after they lost 106-69 on Friday night at home against Toronto. "The best thing that could have happened to this team was to come out here tonight and, not prove yourself, but just redeem yourself more than anything," Jefferson said. "It was a tough game where we had to fight." The Nets got some relief from the bench when their version of the Big 3 needed help. Bostjan Nachbar , though, was the one who delivered in a pinch in the fourth, hitting a pair of 3s that kept them from letting the game slip away. Nachbar, who sank his only 3s of the game in the quarter, was on the floor to open the fourth when coach Lawrence Frank decided to mix up the rotation. The Nets opened the fourth with Carter and four reserves while Sixers coach Maurice Cheeks, looking for a way to get the Sixers going, started the period will five reserves on the floor. Korver sank his first 3 to pull the Sixers within five.  Rodney Carney  picked Carter clean and turned the steal into a fastbreak dunk. Nachbar, though, answered each of those baskets with 3-pointers to put New Jersey up 75-67. "We do have a deep team and a lot of guys can make those shots," Nachbar said. "That's an advantage we have this year and I think the bench proved in this game it doesn't have to be Vince or R.J. to make a big shot. It can be somebody else." Here's an example of Kidd's unselfishness: The 3 came right when the Nets needed the basket and it was his only field goal of the quarter. Plus, he's feeling a bit sore and banged up after a collision against the Bulls. "I just tried to take shots when they presented themselves and I just went from there," Kidd said. Malik Allen  and  Antoine Wright  both scored 10 for the Nets. Korver and Lou Williams have been the only reliable offensive options for the Sixers off the bench. Williams converted a steal into a dunk and then scored on a driving layup that made it 77-73.  Samuel Dalembert , who scored 13 points, sank two free throws and it was only a two-point deficit. "I tired to push the pace on offense and get some things going," Williams said. Iguodala's 3 sliced the lead to 83-79, but the Sixers never got closer than three points over the final 4 minutes. Dalembert missed 4 of 8 free throws in the waning minutes that squelched all hope of a rally for the Sixers, who opened a four-game homestand after playing the first two on the road. The Sixers went 21-for-32 from the free-throw line. "When you're down and you're trying to make a comeback and you get fouled, you've got to be able to convert all your foul shots," Cheeks said. "You've got to do everything right and we were on our heels pretty much the whole night." The Nets rebounded from a woeful first half to shoot 41 percent from the floor. Not bad, considering they missed 15 of 21 shots in the first quarter. Game notes  Philadelphia's starters came down through the stands during pregame introductions. ... Iguodala thanked the fans for their support in a pregame speech and told them he hoped for an exciting season. ... The Sixers play 14 of their first 23 games at home after starting last season with 22 of their 33 on the road. ... Carter felt a bit groggy after his head collided with Korver. 