PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Maurice Cheeks took a few ticks of the clock longer than usual with his postgame speech to the 76ers. No screaming, the soft-spoken coach insisted. Only some reassurances that the Sixers can play better than they did on their 1-3 homestand. Maybe they can learn by example from the Hornets. David West  and  Chris Paul  each scored 16 points,  Bobby Jackson  had 12 and New Orleans blew the game open early and never let the Sixers make a serious run in a 93-72 win over Philadelphia on Sunday night. "We never wanted to give them life out there," center  Tyson Chandler  said. The Hornets snapped a two-game losing streak and played more like the team that won the first four games of the season. They used runs of 11-2 at end of the first half and 12-0 in the third quarter to dominate and blow out the Sixers. Peja Stojakovic  added 10 points and Chandler had 12 rebounds. Four starters played less than 30 minutes, giving them some extra rest before Monday's game at New Jersey. With Jackson leading the way, the Hornets bench only extended the cushion by scoring 37 of the 93 points. "Our guys are starting to learn you've got to have that killer instinct," coach Byron Scott said. The Sixers paid the price. Samuel Dalembert  had 15 points and 10 rebounds for the Sixers.  Andre Iguodala  scored 17,  Kyle Korver  had 13 and  Reggie Evans  grabbed 10 rebounds. Philadelphia had hoped to used a favorable home schedule early in the season to win a few games and build the kind of confidence needed to avoid a start similar to last year's 5-19 mess. The Sixers were widely picked to finish near the bottom of the Eastern Conference for a reason, however, and they lost all but one game on their four-game homestand. No wonder Cheeks kept his group late. "One thing I mentioned to them was about consistent play, about how the way we are going to win games is about outworking every one else," he said. "Our offense went very, very flat about the first quarter. We just couldn't score the ball." The Hornets worked the ball around the perimeter, kicked the ball out to the open man on their drives to the basket and shot 50 percent (10-of-20) from 3-point range, using the kind of teamwork that allowed them to bust this one open early. "We really share the ball really well because we have a lot of great shooters," Paul said. "When guys are making shots, I think we're going to be a tough team to defend." The Hornets got two straight 3s from  Jannero Pargo , who otherwise had a quiet game with eight points, and Jackson also hit one in a run that snapped a tie game and give them a 40-31 lead. That was about it for the Sixers and just the start of the big runs for the Hornets. "We didn't have that energy that we needed tonight," Iguodala said. "Guys didn't really turn it up. It was always one level. It was at a five and we needed it to be at a 10." The Sixers missed 13 of 15 3-point attempts. Paul hit a 3-pointer during the 11-2 streak near the close of the second quarter -- New Orleans went 5-for-9 on 3s in the first half -- and the Hornets took a 51-37 lead into the break. One play in the final seconds before halftime was a nifty example of some of the hustle New Orleans showed all game: West badly missed a dunk and the ball flew off the back of the rim. The Hornets retained possession and West made up for the gaffe with a 20-footer and the final basket of the half. West helped the Hornets pick up where they left off in the first half. He drove to the basket, put a spin move in the lane that shook his defender and passed the ball to his right to a waiting Stojakovic who buried the 3. Stojakovic added another 3 in the Hornets' 12-0 spurt that made it 71-48. Both teams emptied their benches in the fourth quarter and the Hornets put the finishing touches on the rout. Game notes  The Sixers swept the season series last year. ... The Sixers listed their attendance at 10,014 and it was another quiet, lifeless night at the Wachovia Center. ... The Sixers lost by double digits for the first time this season. 