WASHINGTON -- The  Washington Wizards  got their captain back, and he did the little things they've been missing. Antawn Jamison  scored 22 points in his first game back from a knee injury and the Wizards snapped a four-game losing streak with a 93-92 win over the  Atlanta Hawks  on Friday night. Josh Childress  and the pesky Hawks, however, almost spoiled the return of Jamison and  Caron Butler , who missed the Wizards' previous three games with lower back spasms. Childress' dunk capped an 11-1 run and gave the Hawks a 92-91 lead with 45.2 seconds remaining. DeShawn Stevenson  made the first of two free throws to tie it with 35.3 seconds left. He emerged from a loose-ball scramble on the floor after missing his second free throw and was fouled. Jamison boxed out to clear the way for Stevenson to get the ball back. "We made play after play, but you have to look at the free-throw block out," Hawks coach Mike Woodson said. "Jamison was able to keep the ball alive, and that was huge." Stevenson made the second of his ensuing two free throws to give the Wizards a 93-92 lead with 29.5 seconds left. Stevenson then partially blocked  Tyronn Lue 's desperation shot as the final horn sounded to prevent the Wizards from their first five-game losing streak of the season. Jamison missed 12 games after spraining his left knee Jan. 30 against Detroit. "I thought I was going to be a little bit more winded, but the last week or so, I've been doing a lot of things to keep my wind up," said Jamison, who shot 10-for-20 from the field in 39 minutes. Jamison got off to a fast start, finishing the first quarter with 10 points on 5-for-6 shooting. He also had three rebounds and an assist as Washington led 25-24 after one. "I don't care about guys missing me or not," Jamison said. "That's behind me. I don't dwell on that. I know how much I mean to this team -- Gilbert, Caron, everyone is a piece of the puzzle." Gilbert Arenas  added 19 points for the Wizards, who have won 10 of their last 11 against the Hawks. Josh Smith  had 24 points and  Marvin Williams  added 21 for the Hawks, who have lost four in a row and five straight road games. Smith also had a season-high 14 rebounds and tied his season high with seven blocks. "We just could not squeeze it out," Smith said. "The last rebound took a funny bounce. They got it back and DeShawn got 1-of-2. We just could not get a good shot up in the last 2.8 seconds. We played hard and didn't stop fighting, but we just could not come up with that last rebound that we needed." The Wizards also were bolstered by the return of Butler, who had four points on 1-for-10 shooting. Butler also had eight rebounds, five assists and three steals. "It was great having Caron and Antawn back," Arenas said. "You have two more options to go to so teams can't key on me." Arenas scored four points and Jamison and Butler had two apiece during an 8-0 run that gave the Wizards a 90-81 lead with 5:01 remaining. Game notes  The Hawks, who have lost 97 player games to injury this season, practiced with their entire 15-man roster on Thursday for the first time this season. ... Wizards forward  Michael Ruffin  missed his second straight game because of dizziness and severe headaches. He is undergoing a series of tests but the results won't be available until sometime next week, coach Eddie Jordan said. ... Hawks center  Lorenzen Wright  suffered a facial contusion during the first quarter and played only 9 minutes. ... The Hawks have four losing streaks of four or more games this season. 