SEATTLE --  Rashard Lewis  and  Damien Wilkins  were swishing uncontested 3-pointers,  Luke Ridnour  was tossing between-the-leg passes on the fast break and  Johan Petro  was well on his way to outplaying Memphis'  Pau Gasol . And that was just Seattle's first half. Memphis' only win streak of the season never had a chance. Petro scored a career-high 22 points off the bench,  Nick Collison  also scored 22 points and grabbed 12 rebounds, and the SuperSonics raced to a 120-93 rout of the Grizzlies on Friday night. The night was so easy for Seattle that Lewis spent the fourth quarter comfortably sitting on the bench after scoring 21 points. "It was nice to get some rest," Lewis said. Actually, most of Seattle's starters caught a breather on this night, as the Sonics were never challenged in picking up their third straight win. Seattle made its first five 3-pointers in the opening seven minutes, scoring 40 first-quarter points and 69 in the first half, both season highs. The Sonics shot 58 percent and led by as many as 31. Seattle's offense was precise and efficient, helped by stellar outside shooting to start and sluggish Memphis defense. The Sonics shot nearly 58 percent in the first half and made seven 3-pointers. Ridnour had nine assists in the first quarter and 11 by halftime, as Seattle led by 14. Ridnour also threw a perfect pass between his legs to  Mickael Gelabale  in transition. "It was good to see him back -- pushing the ball, getting into the paint and making the floaters," Seattle coach Bob Hill said of Ridnour. "It was great." Seattle's blistering start meant a swift and decisive end to the Grizzlies first win streak of the season. Memphis beat the  Los Angeles Lakers  on Tuesday and Portland on Thursday -- the last team in the league to win consecutive games. Chances at a third straight ended once Seattle started hitting 3s against the Grizzlies zone defense. "I don't think you can play a lot of minutes of the zone in this league because teams shoot the ball," Memphis coach Tony Barone said. "They made shots early and they got off to a great start." Hakim Warrick  led Memphis with 26 points and 11 rebounds,  Tarence Kinsey  added 20 and Gasol scored 16. The Grizzlies missed all of their seven 3-point attempts. Unlike Seattle's previous two wins, Lewis didn't have to carry the scoring load and his sore lower back appreciated the help. After scoring 35 against Minnesota and 33 against Denver, Lewis took just 13 shots and played only 35 minutes. Lewis' help came mostly from Petro and Wilkins. Petro made 11 of 14 shots, and easily surpassing his previous career high of 16. Petro made aggressive post moves to the basket, and also showed a soft touch hitting several 15-foot jumpers. "The first minute I was in the game I was ready to do something," Petro said. Wilkins -- starting in place of injured All-Star  Ray Allen  -- scored all of his 14 points in the first half, and Ridnour finished with 13 points and 12 assists. Memphis closed the deficit to 12 early in the third, but Seattle scored 25 of the next 35 points.  Earl Watson 's 3-pointer with 21 seconds left in the third pushed Seattle over the 100-point mark. "We built that big early lead and didn't have to chase them," Lewis said. "It's all about pride right now for this organization." Memphis assistant coach Lionel Hollins and reserve  Scott Padgett  got into a screaming argument midway through the fourth quarter, after Padgett checked out after playing just one minute. Game notes  Lewis surpassed 10,000 career points on a 3-pointer with 6:43 left in the first quarter. He is fifth on Seattle's scoring list. Memphis fell to 2-19 in the second game of a back-to-back set. ... Seattle F  Andre Brown  wore a protective facemask after breaking his nose on Wednesday against Denver. 