PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) --  Eddy Curry  dunked right past the Trail
Blazers. Curry had 27 points, including six dunks, and the New York
Knicks snapped a three-game losing streak on their West Coast swing
with a 99-81 victory over Portland on Wednesday night. Curry also had 10 rebounds for the Knicks, who wrap up their
trip Friday in Seattle.  Jamal Crawford  added 25 points. "I'm so used to having a couple of guys on me and trying to put
something in the air and get it to go in, I'm not used to having
such open lanes to the basket," Curry said. "I did a good job of
getting free tonight and my teammates did a great job of finding
me." Zach Randolph  had 15 points and nine rebounds for the Blazers,
who have lost four straight and six of their last seven -- following
a five-game winning streak. Coming off a 112-100 loss to Sacramento on Tuesday night, the
Knicks, and especially Curry, showed little road weariness against
the inept Blazers and led by as many as 21 points. "We're having too many moments when we're not scoring, not
defending. They had like 20 dunks on us tonight," Blazers rookie
 Brandon Roy  said. The Knicks had nine dunks overall. New York was also short-handed, without  Steve Francis  for a
third game with left knee tendinitis. He was averaging 10 points,
3.4 rebounds and 4.1 assists. Nate Robinson  was serving the ninth game of a 10-game league
suspension for the brawl Dec. 16 against the Nuggets. Quentin
Richardson also remained out because of back spasms. Portland's 81 points matched their season low. Randolph, the Blazers' top scorer, sat out of practice Tuesday
because of a sore right knee, but he started against the Knicks. He
did not play in the fourth quarter. Afterward, Portland coach Nate McMillan met somberly with his
team in the locker room. "It's difficult to explain or understand what's happening,"
McMillan said. "We were a team that two weeks ago were
connected," he said. Roy scored 14 points and the Blazers led early. But Curry's
reverse layup and dunk, with an assist from  Stephon Marbury , put
the Knicks up 45-38. Curry dunked again to give the Knicks a 51-42 lead at the break.
Curry had 18 first-half points and the Knicks shot 58 percent. Another dunk for Curry made it 59-48 in the third quarter.
Crawford's steal and dunk upped New York's lead to 72-58. And yet another Curry dunk made it 78-60 for the Knicks, who
outscored the Blazers 29-18 in the third quarter. "Last night left a sour taste in my mouth," Curry said. "I
felt like if I could have done a little bit more and tried to
assert myself early in the game, we would have had a better chance. "I didn't want to feel like that tonight." Marbury added 17 points and seven assists for New York, which
shot 49 percent for the game and outrebounded the Blazers 51-31. Portland forward  Travis Outlaw  sprained his right ankle in the
third quarter and did not return. Game notes Randolph's cousin was arrested following a traffic stop
while driving Randolph's car in Portland Tuesday night. Randolph
was not involved, and said he was at home sleeping when the
incident occurred. ... The Blazers had won five straight against
the Knicks at the Rose Garden. ... The Knicks waived forward Ime
Udoka on Sept. 11, and the Blazers picked him up on Oct. 2. The
Portland native surprisingly earned not only a roster spot but a
starting role. 