SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) -- The Kings had just completed a
successful road trip that Reggie Theus thought raised their
confidence. Then, a meltdown of major proportions. 	    Linas Kleiza  recovered the ball in a scramble and hit a jumper
just before the final buzzer sounded, lifting the  Denver Nuggets  to
a thrilling 106-105 victory over Sacramento on Sunday night. 	   "If it doesn't hurt, then you're brain dead," Theus said.
"It's supposed to hurt or you don't care. It's supposed to
sting." 	   The Kings kept giving Denver extra chances, like when 
 Brad Miller  bricked two free throws with 16.5 seconds left. After  Allen Iverson  drove and missed from close,  Marcus Camby  tipped the ball
and Kleiza got possession, hitting the shot from the left wing
while falling away under pressure. 	   "I just looked up at the clock and saw it was two seconds left,
shot it up and it went in," Kleiza said. 	    Carmelo Anthony  had 30 points and 12 rebounds, Camby added 19
points, 14 boards and three blocked shots, and Iverson had his
streak of four straight 30-point performances end, finishing with
21. 	   But Iverson, who shot just 6-for-21, almost single-handedly
brought the Nuggets back. His layin off his own steal with 9:13 to
play pulled the Nuggets within 93-87, then he hit a 3-pointer at
the 3:24 mark that made it 101-97. His three-point play with 2:10
left cut Sacramento's lead to 103-100. 	   "I was having such a bad game that I thought I hit the last
shot," Iverson said. "'K' hit that shot and I was forever
smiling. That was a lucky shot." 	    Ron Artest  scored 24 points and a key basket with 2:29
remaining, and also had nine rebounds, eight assists and four
steals. Miller added 22 points, eight boards and four assists, but
the Kings couldn't overcome their errors in crunch time. 	   Camby traveled with 1:10 to go and his team down by one, and
 Beno Udrih  swished a 12-footer on the other end moments later.
Kleiza missed a 3 on Denver's next possession and Anthony's rebound
attempt went off his hand out of bounds, giving Sacramento the ball
back with 37.8 seconds on the clock. 	   Udrih missed two free throws with 36.5 seconds remaining as the
Nuggets got another chance, needing a timeout at 22 seconds after
Iverson was trapped along the sideline. Anthony drove past Artest
for a basket to make it 105-104 and Sacramento took timeout. 	   Sacramento had won three of its last four during a recent
five-game road swing -- scoring more than 100 points in each of
those victories. 	   The Kings were rolling in this one, too. They led by as many as
16, but shot 8-for-18 in the fourth quarter and didn't defend in
the paint -- not to mention nearly doubling their turnovers with
seven of Sacramento's 15 coming in the final 12 minutes. 	   "This one hurts. We've got to put it behind us somehow," guard
 Francisco Garcia  said. "I don't remember in the last three years
one that hurts like this. We were playing so good, too." 	   Artest made his first five shots with a 3-pointer to score 11 of
his team's first 20 points. He also had two rebounds and an assist
in the opening four minutes as Sacramento built an early 10-point
lead. 	   Nuggets coach George Karl shook up his lineup, going with
 Yakhouba Diawara  to defend Artest, who himself drew the tough
defensive challenge in Anthony.  Eduardo Najera  was soon moved onto
Artest, and Anthony also took part. Artest shot 10-for-16 but was
held to two points in the fourth. 	   "It's good for our team to win this type of game," Karl said.
"We don't play very well, then steal one on the road while we are
short-handed, shows a lot of good things to me." 	   Sacramento hit 11 of its first 16 shots, had seven assists
leading to those baskets and didn't commit its first turnover until
 Quincy Douby 's offensive foul at the 8:14 mark of the second
quarter. 	   Sacramento had eight first-half steals to none for Denver and
led 66-51 at the break despite being outrebounded 27-23. The Kings
were outboarded 53-46 overall. 	   "That's a pretty good Christmas present for those guys," Theus
said. "We outplayed them. We missed free throws down the stretch --
that's the bottom line." 	   Camby started the game after Karl had expected him to sit. He
missed Friday's game at Portland with a contusion in the middle of
his back sustained the previous night against Houston. 	   The Nuggets were coming off a 99-96 loss to the Trail Blazers in
which they were outscored 30-20 in the fourth quarter after heading
into the final period up 76-69 -- but changed the outcome this time. 	   Denver's  Kenyon Martin  missed his second straight game with a
strained right hamstring, which he injured Thursday at home against
Houston. Game notes Iverson had scored 30 or more points in six of eight games.
... Denver is 5-7 on the road. ... The Kings' lion mascot named
Slamson held mistletoe above officials Ron Olesiak and Violet
Palmer during the first timeout and they obliged with a festive
smooch. ... The Kings also had a turnover-free quarter on Dec. 1
against Houston, in the second. 