SEATTLE -- Getting burned on opening night by  Zach Randolph  and  Brandon Roy  stuck with the  Seattle SuperSonics  for almost four months. To make amends, Seattle turned in one of its best defensive performances on Monday night, and frustrated Portland's stars. Rashard Lewis  had another strong game since returning from a hand injury, scoring 29 points and Seattle held Portland to its second lowest point total of the season in a 97-73 win over the Trail Blazers. As Lewis knocked down wide-open jumpers and tossed behind-the-back passes in the lane to open teammates, the Blazers were stumbling through one of their worst offensive performances of the season. "This was one of the worst games we've played all season long," Portland coach Nate McMillan said. "The sense of urgency was not there. Being connected on both ends of the floor, we were not." While McMillan lamented the Blazers lack of effort, the Sonics were relishing a strong rebound after being blown-out by 30 points on Saturday night in San Antonio. Lewis led the charge, hitting on 10 of 18 shots, grabbing seven rebounds, and bouncing back from a pair of poor shooting performances over the weekend against New Orleans and the Spurs. Lewis got plenty of help from  Ray Allen , who added 16 points, 10 rebounds and six assists as Seattle never trailed. Travis Outlaw  led Portland with 14 off the bench, but most of the Blazers lineup struggled. Roy, a rookie of the year candidate, and Randolph both were barely noticeable. In the season opener, Randolph scored 30 and Roy added 20 in his NBA debut. On Monday night, Roy made just 3 of 13 shots and finished with six points, back in his hometown where he was a prep and college star. Randolph was almost equally quiet, with 11 points and eight rebounds. "I felt like I couldn't make anything," Roy said. "Usually you have a bad quarter shooting the ball ... we had a bad game." It was appropriate that Lewis starred on the night that Seattle retired the jersey of Spencer Haywood, whose court case in 1971 opened the door for teenagers to come to the NBA. Lewis was one of those who took advantage, getting drafted out of high school in 1998. Playing in front of Haywood and the other five Sonics' to have their jerseys retired, Lewis easily got himself open against youngsters Outlaw and  Ime Udoka . Lewis scored 14 in the first half, then combined with Allen for a big third quarter after an extended halftime. That extra time in the locker room was Lewis' biggest concern. But he combined with Allen to score 20 of Seattle's 30 points in the third quarter as the Sonics turned the game into a rout. "It was more of a sloppy game, a defensive game in the first half," Lewis said. "But I think in the third quarter we were able to get stops and at the same time get baskets." Leading by eight early in the third, the Sonics blew the game open with a 17-4 run. Allen's third 3-pointer started the spurt, which was capped by a pair of 3's from Lewis sandwiched around two  Luke Ridnour  free throws, giving Seattle a 64-43 lead. The fourth quarter was a showcase for seldom used reserves. Chris Wilcox  and  Damien Wilkins  both scored 10 for Seattle, which made 10 3-pointers. Everyone who played for Seattle scored. "I thought everybody played awfully well. I thought Rashard was pretty special, his concentration and focus," Seattle coach Bob Hill said. Portland struggled from the outset, falling behind 8-0 and 12-2 just five minutes in. Randolph finally scored Portland's first points at the 7:41 mark, but the Blazers made just two baskets the first nine minutes and never recovered. LaMarcus Aldridge  added 12 points off the bench, but the Blazers made just 3 of 4 free throws, tying a franchise record for fewest made. "That game was pretty much out of reach," McMillan said. "They had control, I thought, from the start." Game notes  There was a moment of silence before the game in honor of Dennis Johnson, who died last week. Johnson played in Seattle from 1977-1980. ... Portland C  Joel Przybilla  missed his second straight game with a sore let knee. ...  Fred Jones  scored four points in his first appearance with Portland after getting traded from Toronto last week. 