MINNEAPOLIS --  Kevin Garnett  played his usual unselfish basketball Wednesday night. Only this time, his teammates followed the lead. Garnett had 17 points, 15 rebounds and 10 assists and the  Minnesota Timberwolves  snapped a four-game losing streak by dishing out a season-high 38 assists to beat the  Golden State Warriors  121-93. "I understand basketball and was just finding guys when they were open," Garnett said. "I was forcing the ball to move and it got contagious after that." It led to Minnesota's largest margin of victory this season, following a 28-point loss at Houston that prompted coach Randy Wittman to sit  Ricky Davis  and  Mike James  in the second half. "You don't see that [38 assists] every day," Wittman said. "You go through tough situations and you learn from them," Wittman said. "As I told you, we just moved forward from Monday's game and wanted to try and get this started on a good note." Both Davis and James started and responded well. Davis scored 26 points on 10-for-14 shooting and James finished with eight points and nine assists.  Mark Blount  added 22 points, but Garnett was the spark-plug for everybody. Afterward, he passed the credit off to his coach and an "unusual practice" on Tuesday. "It wasn't easy on our legs and I anticipate that tomorrow will be similar and that's the way we're going to have to do it from here on out," Garnett said. Sarunas Jasikevicius  scored 20 points,  Stephen Jackson  added 17 and  Al Harrington  had 13 points, nine rebounds and six assists. It was the finale of a six-game road trip for Golden State, which fell behind by 20 points in the first half and never recovered. "We thought the road trip was over and forgot to play the game," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "The game before, we won the game because we moved the ball and didn't just play on one side," Nelson added. "This particular game I couldn't get anybody to do that." The Warriors, who went 2-4 on the trip, made a run in the third quarter to close the gap to 12, but Minnesota quickly pushed the lead back to 23 and never let Golden State get it under double digits. "We were never able to really stop them," Jasikevicius said. "Our best defensive quarter we allowed like 26 points and that's not going to win any games, obviously." Garnett had 11 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists in the first half and then reached his 14th career triple-double with an assist with 3:05 remaining in the third quarter. The Timberwolves used an 11-0 run in the second quarter to take a 55-37 lead. Garnett sparked it with five points, including a three-point play, and Minnesota maintained the 18-point lead going into halftime, 63-45. Blount scored 10 points in the first quarter to help Minnesota to a 32-27 lead. Game notes  It was Garnett's first triple-double since April 13, 2005, also against Golden State. He has 16 during the regular season and one in the playoffs. ... The Wolves have still lost 10-of-13. ... Golden State made just 37-of-100 field-goal attempts. ...  Baron Davis  (sore left knee) and  Monta Ellis  (left knee contusion) did not start, forcing Golden State to use its league-leading 27th different starting lineup in 50 games this season. Ellis played, but Davis missed his second straight game. Nelson said that Davis will likely play in the next game. 