TORONTO --  Michael Redd  is anxious to get the  Milwaukee Bucks  winning again after injuries wrecked their season. Redd scored 21 points and the Bucks beat the  Toronto Raptors  94-81 Friday night for their third straight victory. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Redd Michael Redd  scored 21 points in Milwaukee's victory in Toronto on Friday night. The Bucks are 19-20 in the 39 games Redd has played this season, averaging 103.4 points per game and shooting .478 from the field. Milwaukee is 3-17 in the 20 games Redd has missed this season, averaging 93.4 points per game and shooting .437.
 
   Elias Says 
 
 
 Charlie Bell  added 19 points and  Andrew Bogut  had 18 points and 11 rebounds for the Bucks, who went 3-17 with Redd out of the lineup with an injured knee. "We're hungry now. We've been humbled by our record," said Redd, whose team is 22-37. "We're going to try to make a playoff push, if not we'll finish off strong." The Bucks ended an 11-game road losing streak against a team that has the best record in the Eastern Conference since the start of the year. Milwaukee's  Bobby Simmons ,  Charlie Villanueva ,  Mo Williams  and  Dan Gadzuric  have also missed significant time because of injuries. "If we had our full roster all year long we could be up in there in the seeding," Redd said. "That's the frustrating thing about it. Even though we're not out of it mathematically we've got to keep playing." All-Star  Chris Bosh  had 14 points on just eight shots for the Atlantic Division-leading Raptors, who are 9-2 in their last 11 home games. Toronto failed to get the ball to Bosh, who was double-teamed every time he touched it. Fans, recently excited by the resurgent Raptors, booed in the final seconds. "They made a concerted effort to take Bosh out of the game," Toronto coach  Sam Mitchell  said. "When we threw him the ball, they had two or three people guarding him." Andrea Bargnani  -- the No. 1 pick in the draft -- had 16 points and nine rebounds for Toronto. Milwaukee shot 45 percent compared to 37 for Toronto. The Raptors struggled against the Bucks' zone defense. "We didn't make shots. It's as simple as that," Toronto's  Morris Peterson  said. "You hate to see Chris take eight shots, you'd like him to take more, but I'm pretty sure he was trying to play in the flow of the game." Jose Calderon  cut Milwaukee's lead to six with 8:12 left, but the Bucks followed with a 9-0 run highlighted by Redd's 3-pointer and layup. "That's my job, man," Redd said. "Just making sure we close the door on them." Milwaukee outscored Toronto 26-18 in the fourth quarter as Toronto shot just 7-for-19 in the period. Former Raptor Charlie Villanueva had 14 points in 24 minutes. T.J. Ford , who was traded for Villanueva, had 10 points and nine assists for the Raptors. Game notes  Bargnani will fly to Italy on Saturday to be with his ailing grandfather and will miss Saturday's game in Cleveland. ... Toronto general manager Bryan Colangelo has put up a scoreboard in the locker room listing the Atlantic and Eastern Conference standings. ... Toronto's  Anthony Parker  didn't play because of a sprained right ankle. 