TORONTO (AP) -- The  Dallas Mavericks  felt fortunate to get the
victory. Dirk Nowitzki  had 38 points and  Josh Howard  made a go-ahead
layup with 0.9 seconds left to rally the Mavericks past the Toronto
Raptors 97-96 on Sunday. Toronto's  Morris Peterson  was told not to switch off Howard and
cover Nowitzki during a timeout before the decisive play. But
Peterson did, allowing Howard to make a wide-open layup to give
Dallas the lead. Toronto's  Anthony Parker  missed a 3-pointer at the
buzzer. "We really didn't show up until the second quarter and then we
were in a dog fight," Nowitzki said. "Obviously, we got a little
lucky. They both went with me and Josh was open and made a hell of
a finish." Nowitzki had 11 rebounds, five assists, three blocks and two
steals for the Mavericks, winners of 17 of their last 18 games. Chris Bosh  had 24 points and 15 rebounds, but his turnover after
winning a jump ball set up the Mavericks' last play with 6.5
seconds left. After the Mavericks inbounded the ball, Peterson
converged on Nowitzki, allowing Howard to stand under the basket
uncovered to receive  Jason Terry 's pass. "I found Josh wide open. He made like a receiver and it was a
great play," Terry said. "Toronto could have easily won that
game." Toronto led nearly the entire game, with Dallas briefly taking
the lead with just over two minutes left and for good on Howard's
layup. Peterson called it a tough loss. "We wanted this game bad. To come up short is definitely
disappointing," Peterson said. "The lesson we can take out of
this game is that we can play with anybody. We took a team like
Dallas down to the wire." The Raptors led by as many as 16, but Nowitzki scored eight
straight points to start the fourth to cut the lead to three. Bosh attempted just one shot in the fourth compared to five for
backup point guard  Jose Calderon . Bosh played only 5:48 minutes in
the final quarter. Toronto led by 11 at halftime and lost despite shooting 48.6
percent from the field. T.J. Ford  had 16 points and eight assists. "It's tough to swallow this one, losing on a layup," Ford
said. "We had the game won and let it slip out of our hands." Andrea Bargnani , the No. 1 pick in the draft, had 12 points,
including two 3-pointers. The 7-foot Italian has often been
compared to Nowitzki because of his size and outside shot. "He's a better player than when I was 19 or 20," Nowitzki said
of the 21-year-old Bargnani. "He's going to be a heck of a player.
He's a little more athletic than I even was back then. He can drive
a little better than me." Game notes Peterson, Toronto's franchise leader in games, played his
500th game. ... Blue Jays catcher Gregg Zaun sat courtside. ...
Nowitzki had a season-high 43 points in Friday's victory over
Indiana. 