ATLANTA (AP) -- The  Atlanta Hawks  have to wait to learn if their victory over the  Charlotte Bobcats  was a costly one. Joe Johnson  scored a season-high 34 points,  Josh Childress  added 23, also a season best, and the Hawks never trailed in beating the Bobcats 117-109 on Wednesday night. The Hawks, however, lost two starters with injuries. "We have to evaluate them overnight and see where we are. We have to mix and match right now until we see what our injuries are. I won't know that until tomorrow," Atlanta coach Mike Woodson said. Josh Smith , who had 15 points and five blocks, strained his left quad early in the third quarter and did not return. The Hawks also lost rookie point guard Acie Law with a left ankle sprain with 6:47 left in the third period. He had two points and six assists. Both did not return. "We'll have an MRI tomorrow morning. I don't think it's really that bad," said Smith. "I don't take that long to heal." Law was still hurting after the game. "It's kind of sore right now, but I think it's only a bad sprain. I don't think it's broken. I'll come in for treatment tomorrow and we'll see." The Hawks (3-4) are at home to Seattle on Friday night, then play Saturday at Milwaukee and return home for a game against San Antonio on Tuesday night. Gerald Wallace  and  Jason Richardson  led the Bobcats with 27 points apiece. "We came out flat tonight," Richardson said. "They had the game won by the end of the first quarter. Joe Johnson is tough to deal with. There are a handful of guys in the league that are tough to deal with and Joe is definitely one of them." The Hawks twice led by 18 points in the first half and were up 63-48 at the break behind Johnson's 20 points. Atlanta shot 24-for-35 in the first 24 minutes (68.6 percent). Wallace had 12 points for Charlotte and Richardson added 10. Atlanta took the lead for good at 6-4. Charlotte never got closer than six points in the second half, trailing 69-63 on a basket by Richardson with 5:20 left in the third period. "I wanted to come out and attack the basket early and get myself in a rhythm. We all did that, attacked the basket and didn't look for jump shots. That was the key," Johnson said. Johnson and Childress, who scored 17 of his points in the second half, then hit baskets to give Atlanta a 10-point lead and the Bobcats never got closer than seven points. "We made the first punch and kept being the aggressor," Childress said. "Tonight we were very effective in capitalizing on their mistakes. Once you get that going, it's hard to turn the juice off." Marvin Williams  added 19 points and rookie  Al Horford  had 13 for Atlanta.  Raymond Felton  had 16 points for the Bobcats. Game notes  The Hawks scored a season-high 37 points for a quarter in the first, hitting 14 of 20 shots (70 percent). They led 37-22. ... Hawks C  Zaza Pachulia  got his first start of the season, replacing Horford. Pachulia played seven minutes in Sunday's 101-90 loss to Washington after missing the first three games with a left knee strain. 