WASHINGTON (AP) -- About 15 minutes after game's end, Gilbert
Arenas got a handshake, a back slap and a whispered wish of "Happy
Birthday" from  Washington Wizards  president of basketball
operations Ernie Grunfeld. With that, the star point guard headed for the exit Friday
night, off to a star-studded celebration that's been the talk of
the locker room and the town. He sure got the party started early, though. Arenas scored 29 of his 35 points in the first half and added a
season-high 12 assists, leading Washington past the Los Angeles
Clippers 116-105 and drawing "M-V-P!" chants from the sellout
crowd of 20,173. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Arenas Gilbert Arenas scored 35 points and handed out 12 assists in the Wizards' 116-105 win over the Clippers, becoming the first player in franchise history to reach those totals in one game. Four other NBA players have done that this season: Stave Nash (three times), Jason Kidd, Dwyane Wade and Baron Davis.  The Wizards outshot the Clippers (51.6 percent to 43.7 percent), after Los Angeles had posted a higher field-goal percentage than its opponent in each of its previous seven games, one shy of the longest such streaks for any NBA team this season (eight games by the Jazz and Warriors). 
 
 For more Elias Says,  click here 
 
 
 "He really kind of took over," Wizards coach Eddie Jordan
said, then closed his postgame news conference with a smile and
this statement: "All right, we've got a party to go to." Arenas scored 13 points in the first quarter, 16 in the second
on 7-for-8 shooting, then was 3-for-10 the rest of the way. He also
had seven rebounds as the Wizards won for the seventh time in eight
games and 15th time in 19. "We played a great game despite all the excitement surrounding
the game tonight," the two-time All-Star said. "The win was the
most important thing about tonight." Not by the sound of the buzz around the Beltway. Arenas turns 25 on Saturday, and after the game he took off for
the invitation-only, black-tie, red-carpet bash hosted at a D.C.
club by Sean "Diddy" Combs. Various Wizards boasted or joked
about their well-planned outfits; forward  Caron Butler  promised he
had three looks ready. In the first quarter, the above-court scoreboard flashed a
"Happy Birthday Gilbert!" graphic, drawing a loud ovation from
many of the 20,173 in the stands. Someone handed Arenas an
oversized birthday card as he left the court after the game; it
rested beside his locker later. When Arenas stepped to the foul line to complete a three-point
play with 0.7 seconds left in the first half, he kept a straight
face while fans yelled "M-V-P!" He provided the latest in a series of superb performances. There
were his 60- and 54-point games last month, and his previous
outing, when he capped a full stat night (32 points, 11 rebounds,
eight assists) with a tiebreaking, buzzer-beating 3-pointer. As
that shot went through the net to beat the Bucks on Wednesday,
Arenas turned his back to the basket with a sneer and walked away. This time, he topped 30 with a jumper a little more than a
minute into the second half; he's now hit that mark 17 times this
season, and Washington is 16-1 in those games. The Southeast
Division leader is 3-12 when Arenas is held below 30. "We tried to go after him, double-team him more. He made some
tough shots," Los Angeles coach  Mike Dunleavy  said. "A lot of the
shots he made were defended pretty well." Butler had 27 points -- his fifth consecutive game with at least
20 -- along with six assists and five rebounds for Washington, which
is 13-3 at home.  Antawn Jamison  added 19 points, and Brendan
Haywood contributed 13 points and 12 rebounds to help the Wizards
put up the highest offensive total allowed by Los Angeles this
season. "That's what they do," Clippers forward  Elton Brand  said.
"They've got guys that are fast and versatile." Brand had 29 points and 12 rebounds for the Clippers, who are
3-12 on the road. What's the root of their troubles away from home? "Lack of concentration and focus. We're not mentally tough. We
crack too easy. We give leads up too easy," said  Shaun Livingston ,
who had 19 points, eight assists and five steals. "That's not a
sign of a good team." After allowing 39 points in the first quarter, a season high for
the Clippers in any period, the Wizards tightened up. They forced
seven turnovers while committing none in the second period and
limited the Clippers to 5-for-17 shooting (29 percent) while taking
a 66-57 halftime lead. "They are too offensively gifted," Livingston said.
"Defensively -- that's not their specialty. But offensively, that's
what they want to do." Game notes Including his layup to end the first half, Arenas has made
nine shots this season with 3 or fewer seconds remaining in a
quarter. ... Clippers G  Cuttino Mobley  returned after missing a
game with a left elbow injury. He shot 1-for-8. ... Clippers G Sam
Cassell missed his seventh consecutive game with a left heel
injury. 