WASHINGTON (AP) -- Coming off knee surgery,  Gilbert Arenas  is learning how to balance getting rest with avoiding rust. He certainly had things figured out Wednesday night. Arenas showed more spring in his step and more accuracy with his shot, finishing with 30 points, 11 assists and six rebounds to lead the  Washington Wizards  to a 103-90 victory over the  Indiana Pacers . The All-Star guard has been taking it easy on days off and before games. But he decided he needed to get a feel for the basketball, so he went to the gym to shoot Tuesday night, then hoisted up 100 3-pointers before tipoff Wednesday. "I was coming to games cold turkey, wasn't even getting the ball up, just banking off my natural ability, and I was struggling," Arenas said. "My handle wasn't as crisp." Wait a second. So you haven't been warming up before games this season? What have you been doing? "Chillin'. Resting. Resting the knee," Arenas said. "They told me to stay off the knee, so I stayed off of it." Caron Butler  scored 25 points, and  Brendan Haywood  had 16 points and 11 rebounds for the Wizards, while reserve  Marquis Daniels  led the Pacers with 19 points. The teams are heading in opposite directions, with the Wizards going 2-0 after an 0-5 start, and the Pacers going 0-5 after a 3-0 start. "We've got to make some adjustments," said Indiana's  Jermaine O'Neal , who had 17 points and nine rebounds. "We're a little concerned right now, but we don't feel like the year is over." Arenas entered Wednesday shooting only 35.6 percent. But he was at 50 percent against Indiana, going 9-for-18. He also directed things well, getting his teammates involved in the flow of the offense. That, of course, is what thrilled coach Eddie Jordan. "He's grown," Jordan said. "He's matured." In the last 2 minutes of the first half, Arenas made a 3-pointer, blocked Jeff Granger's 3-point attempt at the other end, made another 3, then drove hard to the basket and drew a foul with 0.9 seconds left. Those free throws put Washington ahead 56-41 at halftime. Another key sequence came after Daniels' 3-pointer drew Indiana to 93-84 with a little more than 4 minutes left in the game. Arenas immediately fed  Darius Songaila  for a jumper, then a couple of possessions later, drove and drew a foul, then shortly thereafter hit a 3. "He seemed more calm and more patient than the first couple of games during the season," Wizards captain  Antawn Jamison  said. "We all knew it was going to take some time for him to get it going and to get comfortable, and now you're starting to see signs of that." The Wizards ended a 10-game home losing streak that dated to last season and included two defeats while getting swept out of the first round of the playoffs. The eight regular-season home losses in a row tied a franchise record set in 1994-95. Washington was booed during its previous home game, a 26-point loss to the  Denver Nuggets  on Saturday that dropped the Wizards to 0-5 for the first time since 1966 -- back when they were known as the Baltimore Bullets. The next day, though, the Wizards won at Atlanta for their first victory of the season, with all five starters scoring in double figures. And now Washington has its first winning streak. Indiana beat Washington in overtime in both teams' season opener Oct. 31, but this one was pretty lopsided from the outset. The Pacers began the game by shooting 3-for-14, and they finished at 39 percent. "We don't have any rhythm right now offensively,"  Mike Dunleavy  said. "The first three games it just flowed and we played. Whatever's happened since then, I'm not sure." The Wizards, meanwhile, made a season-high 47 percent of their shots, with Arenas leading the way. "I wouldn't even know, based on the two times that I've seen him so far this year, that he's even had any problems with his knee," Pacers coach Jim O'Brien said. "He always looks like Gilbert Arenas to me, which is pretty darn good." Game notes  The Pacers were without starting forward  Troy Murphy , who had a sore left Achilles'. ... Jordan experimented with some lineup changes, including using small forward Butler at shooting guard. "You're forcing a team to adjust to us," Butler said, "because otherwise they're going to have a little man on me in the post." 