PHILADELPHIA --  Al Harrington  was either right where he needed to be or the beneficiary of a broken play. All that mattered in the end to Golden State was the result. Harrington used a nifty spin move in the paint to score the winning basket with 1.2 seconds left and help the Warriors snap a six-game road losing streak with a 102-101 victory over the  Philadelphia 76ers  on Friday night. "I needed it. I was struggling all night," Harrington said. Harrington was only 4-of-14 for 11 points, while  Baron Davis  and  Monta Ellis  sparked Golden State offensively. But on the Warriors' last possession, after they seemed to catch a break on a disputed call, it was Harrington who had his number was called. Or was it meant for Davis? Coach Don Nelson said Harrington was the primary guy and the Warriors "got it to him right where we wanted." Harrington insisted Davis should have attempted the winner. "We didn't run it right," Harrington said. "The play kind of broke down. I waited for the clock to get down to four (seconds). I put it all on me." He put the win all on him and the Warriors' road woes behind them. Davis had 25 points and 12 assists, Ellis scored 21 points and  Stephen Jackson  added 17 points. Andre Iguodala  had his third career triple-double with 25 points, a career-high 13 assists and 10 rebounds for Philadelphia.  Andre Miller  had 19 points and  Rodney Carney  15 for the Sixers, who opened a seven-game homestand. The Sixers have 16 of their next 20 games at home after playing 29 of the first 47 on the road. "It just came down to a couple of plays and they made the plays," Miller said. "They finished off the game." The Sixers appeared to make the late-game defensive stops that have eluded them this season in the final minute. The Warriors missed a driving layup, but officials said the loose ball bounced off the Sixers, giving Golden State one more opportunity. Replays seemed to indicate the ball bounced off Harrington. "Rodney was motioning that it was off Al, but I didn't know if he was just saying that or if it was really off him," Iguodala said. The Sixers didn't have two stops in them. Harrington spun around  Joe Smith  in the lane for a left-handed layup and the winner. Iguodala's 20-footer bounced off the rim and the Warriors raised their arms in celebration. Harrington's winner made up for an earlier lapse when  Kyle Korver  stripped him in the post. Korver passed to Miller at halfcourt, who seamlessly fed Iguodala for a thunderous dunk and a 98-97 lead. Davis, though, took a step back to create some space and buried an 18-footer over Iguodala from the left wing for a 99-98 lead with 46 seconds left. "Harrington made a shot and Baron Davis made a heck of a shot," Sixers coach Maurice Cheeks said. "It took two good shots to beat us." Well, that and a mental miscue after the Sixers were called for a lane violation on the second of  Andris Biedrins ' two misses from the free throw line. Biedrins took advantage on his second chance to make it 100-98. Iguodala was fouled as he tossed up a wild layup over both double coverage and the backboard. He converted the three-point play that put them up 101-100. The loss overshadowed Iguodala's second triple-double of the season. His 10th rebound with 1:50 left gave him his first triple-double since November. Miller took advantage with a little hook in the lane and sank the free throw to tie the game at 96-all with 1:41 to go. "He's growing up right in front of our eyes," Cheeks said. "The things that he is doing and the plays that he is making are going to carry us for a long time as we continue to play." After a sluggish start in the first half, the Warriors got eight points in the third quarter from  Mickael Pietrus , including a 3-pointer that put them ahead 59-58 and another 3 from the baseline as the shot clock expired that gave them a five-point lead. The Warriors went 14-for-18 from the floor, turning a seven-point deficit into a nine-point lead in about 10 minutes. Normally, that would have been enough to bury the Sixers. But their newfound resiliency and Golden State's recent road woes made sure this would be interesting down the stretch. Game notes  Former Sixer C Manute Bol watched the game from a courtside seat. Nelson gave Bol a hug before the start of the fourth quarter. ... The Sixers shook off a 1-for-12 start from the floor and went on a 14-0 run in the second to take a 48-42 lead at halftime. 