PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Dr. J roused the Philly diehards into an appreciation for the city's last championship team.  Kobe Bryant  riled up those Sixers fans simply by touching the ball. The 76ers could only wish to matter as much as those two greats. On a night Julius Erving and Philadelphia's 1983 championship team was honored,  Andrew Bynum  and the Lakers stole the show. Bynum scored a career-high 24 points and grabbed 11 rebounds and  Lamar Odom  had 21 and 11 to lead Los Angeles to a 106-101 win over the Sixers on Friday night. "We got the ball in people's hands and they delivered," coach Phil Jackson said. Bryant, the Lower Merion High grad who was typically booed all game, was held to 19 points. Bryant failed to thrill his hometown fans, but he did leave Philly with a more memorable keepsake: the Lakers' first regular season win in the city since February 2000. "It's always special coming here," said Bryant, still bothered by a groin injury. "Every time I come here, I realize how much I miss it. It's always fun." The experience would have been more fun for Bryant had he caught up with Erving. Bryant wanted to chat with the Hall of Famer he patterned his game after in his formative years. Erving tried to motivate the Sixers with a speech at the morning shootaround. The Sixers could have used the Hall of Famer in his prime instead. Andre Miller  scored 21 points,  Andre Iguodala  had 20, and  Samuel Dalembert  had 10 points and 14 rebounds. Derek Fisher  scored eight straight points during a 10-0 run late in the third, including a go-ahead jumper off the break, that put the Lakers ahead for good and helped them take an 84-81 lead into the fourth. He finished with 21 points. The Sixers pulled within five late in the game, but Bryant sank all three free throws after he was fouled on a 3-point attempt to put the Lakers up 99-91. "You're not going to stop a guy like him," Iguodala said. "He got to the foul line when he needed to." Erving and Clint Richardson took part in a halftime celebration for the 1982-83 championship team. That team -- which also included current Sixers coach Maurice Cheeks and Moses Malone -- swept the Lakers in four games and was the last of Philadelphia's four major pro sports teams to win a championship. Erving received a rousing ovation from the crowd, one of the largest and liveliest of the season. "Twenty-five years is much too long, so let's get it done," Dr. J told the fans. Bryant sat at his locker before the game and talked about how when he was a kid he wanted to play like the high-flying Erving and how once all he thought about was playing for the Sixers. Now he gets a thrill from beating them. Loved and loathed by the hometown fans, Bryant always tries to put on a spectacular show. Jackson said before the game he was worried Bryant would take too many shots or try and win the game all on his own. Early in the game, that seemed to be Bryant's plan. He picked  Thaddeus Young  clean, then finished the play on the other end with a layup off a give-and-go. Bryant later sank a wide open 3 then shot a look that said "take that!" to some of the front row fans who heckled him. Bryant, though, cooled after the first quarter. Bynum scored 18 of the Lakers' first 38 points, a stretch that also saw him hit the 1,000 career point mark. He even showed off a new touch: a left-handed hook shot. "My teammates looking for me, especially in the first half, is nice," Bynum said. Game notes  76ers broadcaster Marc Zumoff celebrated calling his 1,000th regular season game. ... Jackson coached his 600th career game with the Lakers. ...The Sixers played without G Lou Williams (toe). ... Jackson hopes C  Kwame Brown  (knee, ankle) can practice Monday. ... Here's Bryant on a dream 1-on-1 matchup against Dr. J: "If he's not hitting his jump shot, I've got a good shot." ... Fans booed an Eagles highlight video until the camera showed Pro Bowl picks Brian Westbrook and Shawn Andrews watching the game from the front row. 