MILWAUKEE (AP) --  Michael Redd  really wanted that last assist. He's not complaining about the win that ended Milwaukee's four-game losing streak, though. Redd had 27 points, 10 rebounds and nine assists to help the  Milwaukee Bucks  snap a four-game losing streak with a 100-86 victory over the  Orlando Magic  on Wednesday night. "I know it starts with me and being unselfish," Redd said, adding that he told  Royal Ivey  before the game that he wanted 10 assists. "It was a team effort tonight, but I was determined to lead the charge and just find everybody." Yi Jianlian  scored 18 points,  Mo Williams  had 17 and  Andrew Bogut  had 11 before fouling out in the fourth quarter for the Bucks, who were coming off a five-game road trip that ended with four straight losses. "It was a huge win for us," Bucks coach Larry Krystkowiak said. "We needed to stop the bleeding and winning is good medicine." Dwight Howard  had 20 points and 13 rebounds for his league-leading 19th double-double,  Rashard Lewis  had 20 points and  Hedo Turkoglu  added 18 points and nine rebounds for the Magic who came with the NBA-best road record at 11-2. The loss also gave them their first three-game losing streak of the season. "We've lost several games now lately in the first quarter," Magic coach Stan Van Gundy said. "We're struggling offensively because people are going to take away all Dwight's dunks now. If he does catch it deep, they're going to foul him or they are going to make him play off the lane." The Bucks dominated in the lane from the start and finished the half with 30 points in the paint to the Magic's 14. "The defensive mentality, particularly of our starters, is nonexistent," he said. "If the intensity and the defensive mentality does not change, then we have to make a change," he said. "We can't continue to give up 30, 32 points every first quarter and try to fight our way back." Trailing 75-61, Orlando used its 3-point shooting to make a game of it in the fourth as the Bucks led almost from the start. Lewis hit three 3s and Turkoglu added another as the Magic made it 75-73 early in the quarter. The Bucks went scoreless for almost four minutes before Bogut's dunk on a pass from Williams stopped the rally. "We sustained the run which is something we haven't done all year," Bogut said. "It showed some character that hopefully we can build on." Williams followed with a jumper and Bogut scored on a layup over Lewis as Milwaukee pushed the lead to 81-73 with 6:57 to play. Maurice Evans  hit two free throws for the Magic before Redd hit a 3-pointer with 5:27 left and Orlando never got any closer the rest of the way. After Orlando got to within six points midway through the third, the Bucks responded with a 15-9 run started by Redd's jump shot that closed out the quarter. Redd also had a 3-pointer while Yi and  Charlie Bell  each scored four points during the surge. All of Orlando's nine points came on free throws. Trailing 53-40 at the half, the Magic made it interesting with a layup by Howard and 3-pointers by  Keith Bogans  and Turkoglu. Williams answered with a 3, keeping Milwaukee ahead 56-48. The Bucks shot 68 percent in the first quarter to set the tone for the game. It also helped that Milwaukee had 20 points in the paint compared to Orlando's 10 as the Bucks took a 32-20 lead after the first quarter. Yi had 10 points and Williams seven for Milwaukee while holding Howard to six points. Game notes  Bucks F  Bobby Simmons  checked into the game late in the first quarter. He missed the previous three games for personal reasons. ... The Magic have lost 16 of the last 18 at the Bradley Center. ... The Magic have lost four of their last six games after losing only three of their first 17. 