MIAMI (AP) -- Something about close games has brought out the best in the  New Jersey Nets  this season, and they proved it again at the expense of the reeling  Miami Heat . Vince Carter  scored 31 points,  Richard Jefferson  added 29 and the Nets overcame a seven-point deficit late in regulation before beating the Heat 107-103 in overtime Thursday night -- their eighth win in 11 games decided by five points or less. "We were able to find a way," Nets coach Lawrence Frank said. "It was a gutty win." For whatever reason, a lot of opposing coaches are saying that after games in Miami. Dwyane Wade  had his second season-high scoring effort in two nights for Miami -- and saw both wasted in overtime losses. He scored 41 points on 15-for-23 shooting Thursday, one night after scoring 37 points in defeat at Atlanta, and couldn't keep the Heat from falling to 3-9 at home. At 7-19, Miami is 12 games under .500 for the first time since the end of the 2002-03 season -- Wade's final college season. "You've got to keep believing," Wade said. "You've got to keep playing until you can't play any more. I hope everyone continues to believe. I know I do." Former Miami forward  Malik Allen  scored a season-high 18 points on 9-for-11 shooting,  Jason Kidd  had 11 rebounds and 10 assists, and  Josh Boone  scored five of his 11 points in overtime for the Nets. New Jersey has excelled in close games and struggled in all others: The Nets are 3-12 in games decided by six points or more. "We are a better team than our record is showing," Carter said. Udonis Haslem  had 18 points and 12 rebounds, including an overtime-forcing jumper on the final play of regulation, for Miami.  Dorell Wright  finished with 13 points, and  Shaquille O'Neal  had 12 points and seven rebounds in 36 minutes before fouling out of his fourth straight game, a new career high. "It's not from a lack of wanting to win, that's for sure," Heat coach Pat Riley said. Down by seven with 4:52 left in the fourth, the Nets nearly found a way to win in regulation. Carter's 3-pointer with 10 seconds left put New Jersey up 94-92, but Haslem controlled a low pass from Wade and hit a 19-footer over Kidd as time expired, sending Miami into overtime for the second straight night. Wade started the extra period with a steal and dunk, but that would be Miami's only lead of overtime. Allen and Boone scored consecutive baskets midway through the period to put the Nets up by four, and they stayed ahead the rest of the way. "I just let the game come to me," Allen said. "I tried to stay focused on the task at hand within the game. I don't think I put any added pressure on myself to try to go out and do something I'm not capable of doing." The Heat were without  Alonzo Mourning , who was likely lost for the season -- and perhaps his career -- Wednesday night in Miami's overtime loss at Atlanta. Mourning had surgery Thursday to repair torn knee and quadriceps tendons in his right leg. Mourning plans to retire after the season. Midway through the third quarter, Miami had another injury scare when Wade fell over O'Neal and grabbed his right knee. Wade got up, limping a bit, then proved to all concerned parties that he was just fine. Wade cut through the lane for a three-point play, then added a jumper over Jefferson on Miami's next possession. He finished with 17 points in the third, giving him 31 for the game, and the Heat took a 70-66 lead into the fourth. Miami's edge was 86-79 after another 3-pointer by  Jason Williams  with 4:52 left in regulation. But the Nets -- the league's lowest-scoring team -- went on a 15-6 run over a 4-minute stretch before Haslem tied it at the buzzer, then pulled away in overtime. "Both of us needed this one," Jefferson said. Game notes  Kidd's tip-in with 37.1 seconds left in the half was his 14,000th career point. He's the third player in NBA history with that many points to go with 8,500 assists and 6,500 rebounds, joining Oscar Robertson and Magic Johnson. ... Wade made his first five shots. ... Heat guard  Chris Quinn  (left) and Nets forward  Antoine Wright  (right) both suffered sprained ankles late in the third quarter. X-rays, in both cases, were negative. 