DENVER (AP) --  Kenyon Martin  can't remember the last time he went scoreless in a game. The Nuggets forward felt he owed his team a solid performance. Now, he's even. Martin scored a season-high 18 points and  Carmelo Anthony  added 31 to lift Denver to a 99-93 victory over the  Minnesota Timberwolves  on Friday night. Martin went 0-for-5 from the floor in a loss to the  Los Angeles Clippers  on Wednesday night. He felt like he let the Nuggets down. "I ain't never done that," Martin said. "Never in my life have I not scored. Missed some easy ones, too. It was important to focus and be aggressive. I deserved this." The Nuggets have won seven of their last eight games, including five in a row at the Pepsi Center. The Timberwolves are still searching for their first road win, falling to 0-4 away from home. They've also dropped four straight contests. Minnesota was in a good position to steal a win Friday. Minnesota led 87-84 with 2:59 remaining on a 3-pointer by  Ryan Gomes , but the Nuggets went on an 10-0 run to take control of the game. Martin gave Denver the lead for good at 88-87 on a pair of free throws with 1:49 left. "There's no gimmes in this league," Martin said. "Everybody comes to play every night." The Timberwolves came to play, but simply missed too many open looks. "We missed seven, seven wide-open layups in the second half," Timberwolves coach Randy Wittman said. "They didn't go in. Add all that up and in a tight game and it's going to come back to hurt you. We have got to all come together and bust through the door and anything could happen." Antoine Walker  came off the bench to score 24 points for the Timberwolves. Gomes finished with 18 and  Al Jefferson  had 15 points and 14 rebounds. "We have to finish games," Walker said. "We play well for 42, 43 minutes and then we have a lull somewhere in there. We have to find a way to win those games. We are much better than a 1-9 team. We have to keep fighting." Rashad McCants  placed the blame with himself. "The last three games I've been nonexistent," said McCants, who scored five points. "I have to give my team more leadership. I'm very accountable for these losses." Both teams shot about 38 percent. "It was an ugly shooting game," said Anthony, who has scored 20 or more points in 12 of 13 games this season. "It was an ugly win today. But it was a grinding win." Allen Iverson  was just 2-of-12 shots, tying his fewest amount of field goals made in his career when he's logged more than 30 minutes. It's the 13th time that has occurred. "We just weren't playing well," said Iverson, who finished with 13 points and 10 assists. Nuggets guard  Anthony Carter  made his season debut, coming off the bench to score nine points in almost 22 minutes of action. He has been out with a fractured right hand that he injured in practice in early October. "The hand felt great," said Carter, who walked out of the locker room with it wrapped in ice. "I was deflecting balls, hustling, diving on the floor, and it held up." Carter said it felt good to finally be out there, even if he was a little winded. "My chest was burning a little bit," Carter said with a grin. "It's been hard to watch, knowing what I could bring to the game." Game notes  The Nuggets were without F  Linas Kleiza , who sprained his left ankle against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday. ...  Marcus Camby  finished with 18 rebounds and 10 points, his third straight double-double. ... Minnesota F  Mark Madsen  was in the starting lineup Friday night, his first start since Feb. 15, 2006. ... Timberwolves C  Theo Ratliff  missed his third straight game with a sore right knee. Ratliff visited a doctor in Alabama on Wednesday, but there were no significant findings. ... The Nuggets are 5-0 this season when Anthony scores 30 or more. 