TORONTO (AP) -- The  Toronto Raptors  lost their best player in the second quarter. The  Memphis Grizzlies  lost the game around the same time. Anthony Parker  scored 19 points and  Jose Calderon  added 13 points and 10 assists to help the Raptors beat the Grizzlies 103-91 on Wednesday night. Chris Bosh  limped off in the second with a strained right groin. It didn't matter as Memphis was outscored by 20 points in the quarter and the Raptors ran away from the lifeless Grizzlies. "Obviously the game was decided in the second quarter," Memphis coach Marc Iavaroni said. "Our guys played well and they played hard early. We just could not sustain the effort when we went down." Grizzlies swingman  Rudy Gay  said Memphis didn't respond when Toronto boosted the tempo after Bosh went down. "Bosh is the kind of guy who needs the basketball down low," Gay said. "When they didn't have him, they had to run. That's what they did and they did a good job of it." Still, it was a costly victory for Toronto, with  Andrea Bargnani  also limping off and not returning after suffering a right-knee bruise in a fourth-quarter collision with  Stromile Swift . "He was driving, so he was coming forward, Bargnani said. "I was moving into him so I hit very strong. We'll see how it feels in the morning." Bosh scored eight points in the first, but was seen speaking with Toronto's training staff during the break. He stayed on the bench for the first minute of the second period before re-entering the game and scored one more basket before leaving at 9:44 of the second and walking slowly to the locker room. Bosh said his groin began to feel sore during Tuesday morning's practice. "I was able to go a little bit but in the end it was painful," he said. "There's no reason to risk further injury." Bosh didn't expect a lengthy absence. "I don't think very long at all," he said. "I'll treat it tomorrow, get some good stretching and make sure I take care of it." Toronto's leading scorer and rebounder, Bosh withdrew from the U.S. team at last summer's FIBA Americas tournament because of lingering pain from a left foot injury, then missed much of the preseason with a sore knee. Bosh finished with 10 points while Bargnani scored 11. Seven different players reached double figures for the Raptors, who led by as many as 28. Calderon posted his second straight double-double in relief of starting point guard  T.J. Ford  (sore left thumb), who missed his fourth straight game. Ford could return Friday night when Toronto hosts Cleveland. Calderon has 37 assists and just two turnovers in Toronto's past three games. "He's playing great," Parker said. "He's getting guys the ball where they're comfortable with it, he's getting it on time and when they back off him, he's hitting the shots. He's playing with a lot of confidence." Toronto has already been forced to deal with injuries to Ford, center  Rasho Nesterovic  and reserve forward  Joey Graham . "We've had our share of injuries early and we can just hope that's it's nothing too serious," coach  Sam Mitchell  said. Juan Carlos Navarro  scored 15 points and  Pau Gasol  added 13 for the Grizzlies, who lost for the first time in three games. "We wanted to get that momentum going and put a nice winning streak together," Gasol said. "When you come here and don't play at the level you are supposed to, it's frustrating." Swift and  Kyle Lowry  each had 12 points for Memphis, which has lost six of eight on the road this season. Carlos Delfino  and  Jason Kapono  each scored 14 for Toronto. Memphis led 29-27 after the first but fell behind after going 3-for-19 in the second. The Grizzlies didn't make a single field goal during a 7:27 stretch. Their only scoring in that time were single free throws by Gasol and Lowry, allowing Toronto to reel off a 20-2 run and take a 57-39 lead at the half. "They shot the ball extremely well but I though our energy sagged when they did," Iavaroni said. "Instead of stiffening and saying 'OK, let's make them continue to make tough shots,' we didn't do that. We gave in and their shots became easier." Gasol said the Grizzlies didn't have the same movement that helped them beat Washington and New Jersey in their past two games. "We were too stationary," Gasol said. "We didn't attack. We were inefficient. That's when they made their run and broke the game." Toronto won 95-89 at Memphis last Wednesday. Game notes  Toronto's Rasho Nesterovic returned to the starting lineup after missing the past six games with a sprained right ankle. Forward  Maceo Baston  was placed on the inactive list to make room. ... Actor Verne Troyer attended the game. 