ATLANTA -- After perhaps the team's best offensive game of the season, the bottom line for the  Atlanta Hawks  was still painful. The Hawks have finished their season out of the playoffs for the eighth straight year.
 Elias Says The Hawks scored 118 points despite going 0-for-6 from 3-point range. Atlanta is the first team in over seven years to score at least 118 points without making a trey. Washington scored 123 points without making a shot from beyond the arc on Jan. 21, 2000. 
 Read more  Elias Says . They set season highs for points in a quarter and a half and finished another disappointing season by beating the  Indiana Pacers  118-102 on Tuesday night. "This is not what it should be about," said Hawks coach Mike Woodson. "We should be preparing for a playoff game. To sit at home and watch it on TV is not fun for anybody." The Hawks' small consolation was reaching 30 wins for the first time since the 2002-03 season. The Hawks played their final 21 games without leading scorer  Joe Johnson  due to an injured right calf, and they also were without starters  Zaza Pachulia  and  Speedy Claxton  and sixth man  Josh Childress  for the end of the year. The Hawks still somehow found four 20-point scorers for their final game. Tyronn Lue  and  Josh Smith  each scored 25 points.  Marvin Williams  added 23 and rookie  Shelden Williams  set a career high with 21. "I thought our young guys stepped up and played probably one of the best games we've played all season," Woodson said. Said Smith: "We had fun out there. It felt really good to get a win to end the season. ... Next year, if we're healthy, we'll have a chance to make the playoffs." Woodson said he wants to push the team "over the top" and into the playoffs "if I'm here." Woodson is 69-177 through three seasons. One of the team's owners, Michael Gearon Jr., said after the game Woodson "under the circumstances has done a pretty good job of keeping the team together." Backup forward  Ike Diogu  led Indiana with 20 points.  Danny Granger  had 15 points and  Mike Dunleavy  and  Keith McLeod  each added 11. Indiana, eliminated from playoff contention on Sunday for the first time in 10 years, held out forward  Jermaine O'Neal  with a sore left knee. Coach Rick Carlisle said O'Neal, the team's leading scorer and rebounder, would be a game-time decision Wednesday when the Pacers host Washington in their finale. The Hawks opened the game as if intent on rising above their 52 losses and last-place finish in the Southeast Division. The Hawks shot 80 percent from the field and led 41-23 after one quarter, their most points in any period this season. Atlanta, last in the league in scoring with 93.4 points per game, set another milestone by leading 76-55 at halftime. At the break, the Hawks already had four starters scoring in double figures, while no Indiana starter had more than Dunleavy's six points. "They scored way too many points in the first half," Granger said. "We cut it to 10 later in the game, but it was too much to overcome." The Pacers' play reflected their letdown after losing their last playoff hopes. "When you're not playing for much, you still have to compete," Granger said. "You want to win the game. We're not playing for anything right now, but we're still playing hard. We were way too lackadaisical. We picked it up in the second half, but it wasn't enough." Carlisle said he'll be looking for a better start to the Pacers' final game Wednesday. "I was disappointed in our first quarter," Carlisle said. "Our effort has been real good, even though we've had a hard time winning games. In the first quarter we took a step back, and we have to remedy that tomorrow." The Hawks' previous high for points in a half was 71 in the second half at Phoenix on Feb. 9. The previous high for points in any quarter was 40 in two games, including the Feb. 9 game against the Suns. Atlanta's biggest lead was 24 points, but the Pacers closed the gap by outscoring the Hawks 25-14 in the third quarter. Atlanta kept the lead in double figures through the final period. The Pacers won the first three games against Atlanta this season by an average of 17.3 points. The Hawks avoided the season sweep on the strength of the opening period, when Marvin Williams had 10 points. Indiana's O'Neal has fought ankle, hamstring and knee injuries this season. Guard  Jamaal Tinsley , slowed by leg and elbow problems, started, but had only four points and three assists. Game notes  Indiana finished 13-28 on the road. ... Woodson returned after missing Monday night's game at Milwaukee with food poisoning. ... The Hawks were 35-47 in the 2002-03 season and have since won 28, 13, 26 and 30 games. ... Pacers F  David Harrison  was ejected following his second technical foul in the third period. Harrison argued when called for a foul on Lue. 