LOS ANGELES (AP) --  Kobe Bryant  says he and his  Los Angeles Lakers  teammates don't really care which one of them gets the big numbers. The stats were well distributed in Friday night's 107-93 victory over winless Minnesota. Bryant scored 30 points and had seven assists, while  Lamar Odom  made his season debut with 18 points and was one of three Lakers with 10 rebounds. Andrew Bynum  and  Chris Mihm  each had 10 points to go with their 10 rebounds.  Derek Fisher  chipped in with 11 points and nine assists, and  Ronny Turiaf  scored 11 points. "We just go with the flow. Honestly, we really don't give a darn who scores and who gets rebounds," Bryant said after the extremely well-balanced team effort. "That's the thing about our system, all of us can handle the ball. That's why we're such a good passing team. "You can be just as selfish with assists as you can with points." Bryant was pleased to see Odom, who's coming back from shoulder surgery last spring, return to the lineup. "Lamar's back and that's a step in the right direction. He looked great," Bryant said. "He looked like he was in a great rhythm." Odom, aggressively driving and going after rebounds, went 7-of-10 from the field and didn't seem rusty. "It (shoulder) felt really good," he said. "We're off tomorrow. I will do some conditioning. We've got a big road trip coming up." He likes the Lakers' prospects. "We're big and athletic, and if we use that to our strength, we'll be OK this season," Odom said. Mihm, who missed all of last season after reconstructive ankle surgery and is still working his way back, said he's feeling more comfortable. "The last couple of games, it feels like I'm getting in a groove with the team," he said. Al Jefferson  had 24 points and 15 rebounds for the Timberwolves, his fourth double-double in as many games to start the season. Ryan Gomes  added 17 points and  Sebastian Telfair  had 15 for Minnesota, off to an 0-4 start in the post- Kevin Garnett  era. "We've been in a lot of games, close; we're just not finishing up," Gomes said. "We missed a lot of chippies tonight. I think overall we played well, but playing well isn't good enough if you don't win." Asked about the poor start, Timberwolves coach Randy Wittman said, "We're behind the 8-ball a little bit there. Obviously, we miss  Randy Foye  and then Rashad (McCants) being out, two more perimeter guys that can help us create things." He said the Timberwolves aren't getting as many free throws as their opponents, noting that the Lakers shot 41 to their 14. "Our guys are getting smacked and hit down there as much as anybody else," Wittman said. Los Angeles took control with an 18-3 burst that began with two minutes left in the second quarter and ended with Fisher's 18-foot jumper for a 68-52 lead four minutes into the third. The Timberwolves came back to trim the deficit to 96-89 on Telfair's 3-pointer with 4:15 left, but got no closer. Bryant made four free throws and a 3-pointer in the final 1:15 to seal the win. Bryant made a couple of fine lobs that Turiaf and Bynum had only to tip in. Bryant was on the receiving end of another, a toss by  Jordan Farmar  just beneath the rim that Bryant, breaking across under the basket, redirected into the hoop with a flick of his left hand. Point guard McCants, second in scoring for Minnesota with a 14.7 average, did not play because of a sprained right ankle. He was hurt in the first quarter of Tuesday's 111-103 loss to Orlando. Game notes  Bryant totaled 90 points in the Lakers' final two games against Minnesota last season. ... Los Angeles F-C  Kwame Brown  missed his second consecutive game because of bursitis in his right heel. ... The Timberwolves won one of four meetings with the Lakers last season, a 117-107 overtime win in Minnesota. ... Odom replaced  Luke Walton  at small forward in the starting lineup and played 37 minutes. 