MILWAUKEE -- Late in the fourth quarter, Milwaukee's go-to guys were sitting on the bench, and they couldn't have been happier. Michael Redd  and  Mo Williams  scored 26 points each as the Bucks beat the  Philadelphia 76ers  109-90 on Saturday night to snap a seven-game losing streak.
 Elias Says The Bucks overcame Philadelphia's 31-19 second-quarter lead and defeated the Sixers, 109-90. That was the tenth time this season that Philadelphia has lost a game in which it had held a double-digit lead; only Denver and Seattle (11 each) have as many losses of that type.
 Read more  Elias Says . "It's good to sit out the last 5 minutes of a game," Williams said. "Everything was rolling. It's a great feeling. I can't explain how fun it is. It's fun to shoot a shot and not have that much pressure on you because you're up 20." Those situations have been few and far between for the Bucks, who are just 4-22 since Jan. 1 and have lost seven of the last nine in the final minute. Redd started strong and Williams, who finished 10-of-13 from the field including 5-of-7 from 3-point range, helped finish off Philadelphia, which has now lost five of six despite getting  Andre Iguodala  back on track. Iguodala, averaging 17.4 points, scored 18 of his 22 points in the first half and went 9-of-18 from the field.  Samuel Dalembert  added 15 points,  Willie Green  scored 11 and  Andre Miller  had 10 points and 11 assists for the Sixers. The mood was unpleasant after the game in Philadelphia's locker room, and Iguodala said the Sixers had some growing up to do after a pitiful fourth-quarter performance. "We've got to be ready to play," Iguodala said. "(Other teams) are going to abuse you whether you're 16 years old or 40 years old. You've got to be ready to play." Sixers coach Maurice Cheeks said he'll make sure his team is ready for a six-game homestand beginning Monday with Sacramento. "We need to get a few good practices in, think about the game a little," he said. The Bucks erased a 12-point first-half deficit and began to steadily pull away in the third, with Redd scoring 11 points and Williams adding 10 in the quarter. A 3-pointer and a 12-foot jumper by Williams gave Milwaukee a 79-68 lead as the Bucks finished 13-of-22 from the field in the third. Philadelphia committed its 15th turnover on the first possession of the fourth to tie its season average, and the Bucks started the quarter on a 22-3 run and led by as many as 30 in trash time. Philadelphia went 6 1/2 minutes without a field goal straddling the third and fourth quarters and finished with 21 turnovers for the game, with five Sixers committing at least three. "We just lost our composure," Sixers forward  Kyle Korver  said. "We started yelling at the referees, getting frustrated with each other. That is something this team really hasn't done this year." Ruben Patterson  had 13 points and a career-high 10 assists for the Bucks, who also got 13 points from  Charlie Bell  and 11 from  Charlie Villanueva . "It was great to get over that hump," said Redd, who got his first win after missing 20 games because of a sprained left patella tendon. "It's all about how you react during adversity. We've been through a tough week, close losses. Tonight, we were just determined." Milwaukee (20-37) won the matchup of teams near the bottom of the NBA standings. Only Memphis (15-42) and Boston (13-41) have worse records than the Bucks and 76ers (18-38). Neither team played particularly well early, combining for 21 turnovers in the first half, but Iguodala was one of the bright spots. After being mired in a three-game slump, he scored 13 points in the first quarter on 5-of-7 shooting after making just seven of his last 36 attempts over the last three games. But he faded after halftime. "I didn't really get as many good looks as I did in the first half. I didn't get as many as attempts, either," Iguodala said. Meanwhile, Redd helped erase the Sixers' 12-point lead with 12 points of his own in the second quarter. His jumper put the Bucks up 47-46 at the break. "We took the momentum of the second quarter over to the second half," Redd said. "That was the difference." Game notes  Bucks G  Earl Boykins  missed his second straight game from a lingering ligament injury in his right thumb. ... With the Milwaukee airport all but completely shut down and blizzard-like conditions expected to bring more than a foot of snow through the night, the Sixers said they likely wouldn't be able to leave until Sunday. ... Bucks coach Terry Stotts said he got a good workout Saturday before the game by shoveling his sidewalk from 6 inches of snow that fell Friday night. 