SEATTLE -- The  Sacramento Kings  lost a former All-Star and, instead of sulking, they showed off their depth. Seattle got a former All-Star back, but even  Rashard Lewis ' return couldn't cure the SuperSonics' struggles. Kevin Martin  scored 26 points, 14 coming during a big second quarter that led the Kings to a 114-93 win over the Sonics on Saturday night. It was Sacramento's season-high fifth straight win, coming a few hours after learning they'll be without center  Brad Miller  until after the All-Star break. The news about Miller was received as a challenge by the Kings, who built a big lead and unlike recent outings during their win streak, never let Seattle within striking distance. "We have guys that can come in and fill in and have been in the league and can do damage," Sacramento's  Ron Artest  said. "That's a good thing about our team." Artest finished with 20 points, scoring 13 in the first quarter and rested much of the second half as the Kings coasted.  Francisco Garcia  also led a key bench contribution with a season-high 17 as Sacramento's reserves outscored Seattle's 39-13, helping to make up for the absence of Miller. The 7-footer won't return until at least Feb. 20, resting the partially torn fascia in his left foot. Miller had been bothered by the injury lately and underwent an MRI in Sacramento on Friday. He participated in the Kings' shootaround Saturday morning, but after talking with trainers, decided to rest the foot until after the break. He wasn't needed against the struggling Sonics, who lost for the sixth time in their last seven, and just three days after snapping a franchise-record 15-game road losing streak. "With Brad being out, we need someone to step up," Kings coach Eric Musselman said. "It doesn't matter what position it is, but somebody is going to get more minutes." Ray Allen  led Seattle with 29 points, but got little help, even with the return of Lewis to the lineup. Lewis missed the previous 22 games with an injured tendon in his right -- shooting -- hand and returned ahead of schedule. But Lewis made just one of his first six shots, missing runners and jumpers in traffic that are typically staples of his game. He made just two of 11 shots and finished with 14 points. "Rashard probably showed the signs of being out as long as he has, but I had to leave him out on the court to get experience out on the floor," Seattle coach Bob Hill said. Martin and Artest both scored 16 in the first half, as the Kings built a huge lead -- helped by a 36-point second quarter -- and were never challenged in the second half. Martin has hurt Seattle twice this year, scoring what was then a career-high 35 in the first meeting back in November. "This is definitely the high point of the year," Martin said. "Everyone is playing together and we're acting like we're having fun." Even without Miller, one of the best passing big men in the league, the Kings were able to dissect Seattle's defense that was often late on rotations, leaving open dunks for  Kenny Thomas  or  Shareef Abdur-Rahim  on the inside. Abdur-Rahim had 13 points taking Miller's spot in the starting lineup. Martin and Garcia combined to score 23 of Sacramento's first 27 points in the second quarter. The Kings scored 12 straight to start the quarter, and outscored Seattle 30-11 over the first 9:14, taking their biggest lead at 57-34 on Artest's 3-pointer. The lead briefly reached 24 early in the third quarter, before Seattle made its only challenge of the half. Allen and  Nick Collison  scored Seattle's first 18 points of the quarter, highlighted by Allen's four-point play, followed by a crisp jump pass to Collison for a layup that got the Sonics' within 77-64. But Seattle got no closer and most fans headed for the exits early. Game notes  The teams play the second of a back-to-back Sunday night in Sacramento. ... Former Sonics All-Star  Shawn Kemp  received a loud ovation when he walked to his courtside seat in the second quarter. ... Hill expects F  Danny Fortson  to return after the All-Star break. Fortson missed his 32nd game Saturday night with soreness in his left knee. 