OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) -- The  Golden State Warriors  had every excuse to get trampled. They were exhausted after a successful East Coast road trip, and they were trying to keep up with fast-paced Phoenix in their first game back home. Instead, the Warriors ran away from  Steve Nash  and the Suns for a win that excited coach Don Nelson more than any of last week's big victories on the road. Monta Ellis  scored 15 consecutive points in the fourth quarter on the way to matching his career-high 31, and the resurgent Warriors snapped the  Phoenix Suns ' eight-game winning streak with a 129-114 victory Monday night. Stephen Jackson  scored a season-high 32 points in his first home appearance of the season, and  Baron Davis  had 28 points, 10 assists and six rebounds while leading a relentless offensive attack in Golden State's sixth victory in seven games following an 0-6 start. "That was a quality win -- our best game of the year, [or] it was close," Nelson said. "I thought it was a good game, and a fun game to coach." The Warriors won four of five games in seven days on their road trip, revitalizing their season with one grinding victory after another. But Golden State showed no signs of fatigue while dropping a 45-point first quarter on the Suns, and they rarely let up after that. Golden State led by 18 points with 7 minutes to play, and Ellis wouldn't let the lead didn't dip much by making his first five shots of the fourth quarter to the growing incredulity of the Warriors' sellout crowd. Ellis finished 14-of-23, including 7-of-10 in the final period. "Me and Baron just stuck to running that screen," Ellis said of the simple play that set up most of his shots. "My shot was going, so I just kept shooting it. ... It was a great win to get back to ourselves. If we start doing the things we were doing at the end of last year, we'll win a lot of games no matter who we're playing. We came out, starting quickly, and finished it off." Nash had 23 points and 13 assists -- and eight turnovers -- for Phoenix, which was a step slow in its first loss since Nov. 7.  Amare Stoudemire  and  Grant Hill  scored 17 points apiece for the Suns (11-3), who won't match their 1980-81 counterparts' 14-2 start, the best in franchise history. "It was a track meet, and they won the meet," Hill said. "They're similar to us, and presented different matchup problems. We had to play catchup after that first quarter. Games like this are fun when you win, but hopefully we will see them a few more times. We'll be able to use this to prepare for the next time we play them." Jackson got a raucous ovation when he was introduced in the Warriors' starting lineup after sitting out the first seven games -- including five at home -- under suspension for legal troubles back in Indiana. Captain Jack's energy and attitude seemed infectious to the Warriors, who matched their highest-scoring quarter in 16 years during his first 12 minutes back in Oakland. "It feels good just to come home," Jackson said. "I wanted to stay poised and not be too out of control -- just hyped." Leandro Barbosa  scored 16 points, while  Shawn Marion  had 14 rebounds but just 10 points on 5-of-14 shooting for the Suns, whose offensive acumen couldn't mask their defensive liabilities this time. Ellis and Davis took turns exploiting two-time MVP Nash throughout the night, while Phoenix coach Mike D'Antoni had to turn to veteran journeyman forward  Brian Skinner  to stop the Warriors' layup line in the second half. Golden State matched its season high with 31 assists. "We just turned the ball over a lot," D'Antoni said. "A lot of them were unforced, and maybe they wore out legs out. We need to get into better shape from some of the guys." Davis scored 16 points in the second half, and Ellis matched his career high for the second time in three days. "They got it going early, and they never chilled down," Marion said. "We have to take this loss and learn from it." Game notes  The Warriors also scored 45 points in the first quarter of the Suns' last visit to Oakland in March. ... San Francisco Giants OF  Randy Winn , a Bay Area native, attended the game. ... Five Warriors have scored at least 30 points in a game this season, the most in the NBA. 