MINNEAPOLIS (AP) --  Kevin Garnett  and the  Minnesota Timberwolves 
have been scratching and clawing their way to victories. Their latest one came easy, by their standards. Elias Says Garnett  Kevin Garnett became the 32nd player in NBA history to reach the 10,000-rebound mark when he collected the seventh of his 14 rebounds (to go with 32 points) in the Timberwolves' 109-98 victory over the Nets.
 Among those 32 players, Garnett is one of 14 who carried a career average of more than 20 points per game, and his career average of 4.5 assists per game is the highest among the members of the 10,000-rebound club, narrowly ahead of Wilt Chamberlain (4.4), Elgin Baylor (4.3) and Bill Russell (4.3).
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Kevin Garnett scored 32 points and surpassed 10,000 rebounds for
his career in Minnesota's 109-98 victory over the  New Jersey Nets 
on Saturday night. "We're on a big roll," said Garnett, who also had 14 rebounds
to become the 32nd player in NBA history to reach the milestone.
"We're playing confident basketball." Mark Blount  added 15 points and seven rebounds for the
Timberwolves, who used a 12-1 run midway through the fourth quarter
to win for the ninth time in 12 games. For the first time this season, the Wolves won a game by more
than six points. They improved to 6-1 in 2007. "We're not predicting on how we're going to win," Garnett
said. "In this case, it's what you have to do to win those games.
If that means that it comes down to one of those bar fights or
grind-it-out, 48-minute plus games, if it's what we have to do to
win, it's what we have to do." Jason Kidd  had 24 points, 13 assists and six rebounds, falling
short of his second triple-double in a row for the Nets, who led by
five points entering the fourth. But the Nets never got closer than seven after the Wolves'
decisive run, thanks in large part to Garnett's 12 points in the
period. It was a little redemption for the former MVP, who missed
an open jumper as time expired against the Clippers on Wednesday
night that would have kept the Wolves perfect this year. "I think it was surprising for us," Kidd said. "In the last
six games or so, we've buckled down in the fourth quarter. Tonight
you have to give Minnesota credit. The game was right there for us.
When we were up 10, we needed to push it to 15 and put them away." Vince Carter  had 24 points for New Jersey, rebounding from a
slow start brought on by foul trouble. Carter picked up his third foul less than two minutes into the
second quarter and was limited to just five points in nine minutes
in the first half. He made up for lost time in the third period, scoring 10 points
to help the Nets take a 77-72 lead into the fourth. But Garnett came right back, hitting a jumper, then picking up a
loose ball and dribbling coast-to-coast before spinning past
 Bostjan Nachbar  to throw down an emphatic dunk and tie it at 81. Two minutes later, Garnett made a pretty backdoor cut and dunked
an alley-oop pass from  Trenton Hassell  to give the Wolves an 87-81
lead with 7 minutes to go. "He's a leader in the post and he stepped up in a big way,"
Nets coach Lawrence Frank said. "But it was individual and team
breakdowns that put us in a bad way." Ricky Davis  scored 17 points and  Randy Foye  had 16 points and
six assists for Minnesota, which shot 57 percent and outscored New
Jersey 37-21 in the fourth. After recording the 82nd triple-double of his career against
Chicago on Thursday, Kidd got off to a fast start against the
Wolves, who came out a little flat in the second game of a
back-to-back. Kidd didn't appear to be deterred by his highly publicized
marital woes, putting up 12 points, eight assists and five rebounds
in the first half and giving the rookie Foye a lesson in how to be
disruptive on both ends of the court. Earlier this week, Joumana Kidd was served with a restraining
order obtained by her husband, and on Tuesday Jason Kidd filed for
divorce from his wife of 10 years, Joumana, citing "extreme
cruelty" and saying that he was an abused spouse. Joumana filed a restraining order of her own on Friday, with her
lawyer alleging that there was "a lot, a lot, of physical
violence." "We all have distractions that we all deal with off the
court," Frank said before the game. "What you challenge yourself
to do is to focus while you're present at your job." Game notes Wolves F  Marko Jaric  missed his second straight game with a
thumb injury on his shooting hand. Coach Dwane Casey said they are
going to let him rest it for a few games before bringing him back.
... Carter and Kidd both congratulated Garnett on the court when
his rebound milestone was announced in the third quarter. 