PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) -- With  Dwight Howard 's shooting cooling off, the  Orlando Magic  had to win with defense, patience and contributions from the bench. Hedo Turkoglu  scored 21 points,  Rashard Lewis  had 20 and the Magic beat the  Portland Trail Blazers  85-74 on Monday night to become the first NBA team to win 13 games this season. Howard, shooting 76 percent over his last five games, was just 4-of-10 from the field and had nine points and 14 rebounds. He spent most of the second half in foul trouble but  Adonal Foyle  stepped in and had eight points and 10 rebounds for the Magic, who won the first game on their five-game West Coast trip and improved to a league-best 8-1 on the road this season. "It was a long, tough night for us tonight," Lewis said. "Our shots were flat. We didn't get any legs under our shots and missed a lot of wide-open 3s. Our defense kept us in the game, and our bench came in and played well for us." LaMarcus Aldridge  had 16 points and  Martell Webster  added 13 for the Blazers, who have lost five of their last six to the Magic. Orlando held Portland to 16 points in the fourth quarter. The Blazers, who had snapped a five-game losing streak Friday against Sacramento, had their lowest point total of the season. So did the Magic, who have scored over 100 points 10 times this season. But Orlando went on a 17-6 run to start the fourth quarter while the Blazers sputtered. "You have to be good to win on a tough night when a team does a good job against you or you miss shots," Orlando coach Stan Van Gundy said. "This was one of our better wins in that regard." Brandon Roy  had another tough shooting night for the Blazers, going 4-of-18 from the field after going 6-for-15 against Sacramento. He and  Travis Outlaw  both finished with 12 points. Howard leads the Magic with 22.4 points and 14.4 rebounds per game. "We did a good job stopping Dwight tonight," Roy said. "They didn't score a ton of points. I just think we were bad offensively tonight." The Magic (13-3) came into the game tied with San Antonio for the most wins but the Spurs lost 112-99 at Sacramento on Monday night. Orlando has won eight of nine, with the only loss to the Spurs. Orlando scored a season-high 120 points in a win over Miami on Saturday, but looked sluggish early against Portland. "I think what happened tonight is that both teams played real, real hard, and it was tough to score," Van Gundy said. "It was a physical game." The Blazers were up by 13 points in the second quarter, but the Magic went on a 16-0 run. Howard got them within one with a dunk, then Lewis hit a runner and  Jameer Nelson  finished off a fast break with a layup that gave Orlando a 38-35 lead. The game was tied at 42 at halftime. "We just went flat after the first quarter," Blazers coach Nate McMillan said. "I can't explain why. In the first quarter we just played the way we wanted to. ... But after that we just didn't get up and down the floor." The Magic went up 69-61 in the fourth quarter after  Keith Bogans  converted a three-point play. The lead went to 14 after jumpers by  Carlos Arroyo  and Lewis. Turkoglu broke untouched to the basket to make it 82-70 with 3:34 left. Maurice Evans  had seven points and Arroyo had five assists off the bench for the Magic. Game notes  Orlando outrebounded the Blazers 49-39. ... Blazers C  Joel Przybilla  returned to the starting lineup and grabbed 10 rebounds. He drew three charges in the first half. ... Blazers G  Steve Blake  had 10 assists. 