OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) --  Baron Davis  had three choices on the final fast break: a difficult drive to the basket, a risky alley-oop to  Al Harrington , or an easy pass to young  Monta Ellis  for an open jumper. The veteran point guard went with choice No. 3, and Ellis buried a shot that stopped the  Golden State Warriors ' slide. Ellis hit a 17-foot jumper at the buzzer, and the Warriors rallied from an 11-point deficit in the final 4 1/2 minutes to stun the  New Jersey Nets , 110-109 on Wednesday night. The Warriors were within one miss of their seventh loss in eight games, including three straight since swinging an eight-player trade with Indiana. After trailing for most of the night against the Nets, Golden State decided not to use a final timeout when  Bostjan Nachbar 's missed 3-pointer with 7 seconds left put the game in Davis' hands. Davis recalled the final moments with a play-by-play announcer's precision. "I saw Al streaking, so it was a 3-on-2 break," Davis said. "(Jason) Kidd went to Al, assuming I was going to try the lob.  Marcus Williams  stepped up on me. That left Monta. ... It's definitely a confidence-builder. It lifts his spirits as a young guy." Harrington scored 29 points and hit two last-minute free throws for Golden State in his first victory in three games with his new team. Ellis, the second-year pro with star potential, had 20 points -- and he finished an improbable victory with a perfect jumper set up by Davis, who had 18 points and 10 assists. "I practice that every day," Ellis said. "I was going to shoot the 3, but I knew we were only down one (point). We weren't really thinking we'd lose." Ellis' teammates charged the court for a rare celebration for the Warriors, who finished the game on a 17-5 run. The fantastic finish allowed Harrington,  Stephen Jackson  and  Sarunas Jasikevicius  to celebrate their first victories with Golden State -- even though Harrington nearly stopped the final flow. "Actually, I was getting ready to call a timeout," Harrington recalled with a sheepish grin. "Then I thought, 'Just run.' ... We're getting comfortable with each other, and we're going to come together. I really like this team we've got." While the Warriors celebrated, the Nets must wonder why the final seconds are so tough on the West Coast. Vince Carter  had 23 points and a career-high 13 assists, while  Jason Kidd  scored 26 points in his hometown. But two days after blowing a 20-point lead in the final 15 minutes of a one-point loss to Sacramento on Monday night, New Jersey found a heartbreaking way to lose the second game of its five-game road trip. "We were up in the fourth quarter, and we never closed the door," said Kidd, whose club gave up  Mike Bibby 's go-ahead jumper with 10.3 seconds left in Sacramento. "If we had minimized our mistakes, our record could be a lot better. But we don't." Williams scored 17 points and led a tiebreaking 15-4 surge for New Jersey, but Golden State pulled to 104-102 on Harrington's 3-pointer with 2:34 to play.  Andris Biedrins ' tap-in tied it at 106, but Kidd coolly hit a long 3-pointer. After Harrington's free throws with 29 seconds to play, Bostjan Nachbar missed an open 3-pointer with 7 seconds left -- and Davis charged straight up the court to find Ellis. "You're allowed to be disappointed and angry," said New Jersey coach Lawrence Frank, whose club allowed eight scores in the final 10 possessions. "But we have to keep our heads up and move forward." Game notes   Mikki Moore , who made all eight of his shots in the trip opener against Sacramento, hit his first three attempts in Oakland before  Matt Barnes  blocked his shot midway through the second quarter. He finished with 16 points. ... Frank said  Richard Jefferson 's right ankle is in a cast after the New Jersey forward underwent surgery Monday. He won't be put in a walking boot until the stitches are removed from his leg next week, when he can begin rehabilitation in a pool. The Nets don't expect him back for at least six weeks. ... Nelson doesn't expect exiled rookie C  Patrick O'Bryant  to return this season -- at least until the NBADL's season wraps up in April. O'Bryant, the ninth overall pick, is in Bakersfield, working on his game with unimpressive results. 