EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) -- New Jersey's Big Three came up big in the end, and also got some help inside from  Josh Boone . Richard Jefferson  scored 31 points,  Jason Kidd  collected his 94th career triple-double and the Nets beat the  Golden State Warriors  100-95 on Saturday night. Vince Carter  finished with 23 points, including a clutch 3-pointer with 24.6 seconds left, for the Nets, who led by 14 in the first half and needed some clutch plays from their Big Three to get the win. New Jersey also got a strong effort from Boone, who finished with 19 points and 13 rebounds. Boone is averaging 12 points in his last five games, three starts. "He's pretty much the difference that I can see," Kidd said. "Since he's been starting, he's been very consistent and we need that. He's a a lot of things all around." Boone said he's gaining confidence with each game. "My teammates trust me and that helps my intensity level," he said. "I'm trying not to be too hard on myself." New Jersey was trailing 95-94 when Carter made a 3 from the left corner with 2 seconds remaining on the shot clock to put the Nets in front again. It was the second straight night that Carter hit a clutch 3-pointer in the closing seconds to lead his team to a victory, having accomplished the same thing in an overtime win over Miami on Friday night. "With the way things were going for us, we've proven that we can't let the pressure get to us," said Carter, who also had 12 rebounds against the Warriors. "Now that we got two wins, we have to keep pushing and moving forward." Kidd, who finished with 15 points, 12 assists and 11 rebounds, made two free throws with 22.1 seconds left to seal the victory. Stephen Jackson  had 21 points for Golden State.  Monta Ellis  added 19 and  Andris Biedrins  had 16 points and 10 rebounds. "There's really not much to say," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "We weren't very good tonight. We didn't hit shots or play very well. We continue to dig ourselves into a hole in the first quarter and then try to dig ourselves out of it." The win was the Nets' 10th straight over the Warriors at home. The Nets led by as many as 14 in the first half but the Warriors cut the lead to 52-45 at the break. Ellis scored the first four points after halftime but the Nets responded with five straight in a span of 14 seconds, with Jefferson scoring on a drive and Kidd nailing a long 3-pointer to push the lead back up to 57-49. Biedrins' rebound basket gave Golden State a 95-92 lead with 3:12 left but that was the last points for the Warriors. Jefferson converted a layup and the two teams exchanged turnovers before Carter's shot. Al Harrington  was whistled for an offensive foul on Golden State's next possession and Kidd made two free throws. Game notes  Kidd's 11 rebounds gives him 6,538 career boards, just 21 shy of surpassing Magic Johnson for fourth place career among NBA guards in rebounds. "I'm just getting better with age," Kidd joked about his rebounding prowess. ... The Warriors will enter the Christmas break at least two games over .500 for the first time since the 1993-94 season, when they were 18-14 at the holiday break en route to a 50-32 record. 