DENVER -- With ice wrapped around both knees and a towel
draped around his neck, an exhausted  Dikembe Mutombo  felt his age.
 

   Earlier, though, he didn't.
 

   "The old man can still rebound," Mutombo said after becoming
the oldest player in NBA history to record over 20 rebounds in a
game, finishing with 22 boards in the  Houston Rockets ' 108-97
victory over the  Denver Nuggets  on Friday night.
 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Mutombo Dikembe Mutombo  grabbed 22 rebounds for Denver Friday night. Mutombo is the oldest player in NBA history to grab 20-or-more rebounds in a game. The previous "record" was held by  Hakeem Olajuwon , who grabbed 20 rebounds in a game in November 2001, about two months shy of his 39th birthday.
 
"   Elias Says 
 
 
 	   Mutombo, who will turn 41 in June, is the first player to reach
20 rebounds in a game past the age of 40.
 

   "They had all these young guys around me," he said. "I still
got to the ball."
 

   Denver's  Allen Iverson  found the stat hard to believe -- not that
Mutombo grabbed 22 boards but that he's as old as he is.
 

   "He's 40?" laughed Iverson, who had 19 points. "Man, he's
doing great. What can you say about him? They lose a great player
like  Yao Ming  [to a fractured tibia], and have a great backup
center like that. You talk about him being 40 years old, he's got
many more years to play."
 

    Tracy McGrady  scored 28 points,  Juwan Howard  had 18,  Luther Head 
17 and  Shane Battier  15 -- all on 3-pointers -- as the Rockets beat
the Nuggets at what Denver does best -- running up and down the
floor.
 

   Before the game, Houston coach Jeff Van Gundy said he was
looking for more energy out of his team and the Rockets responded
by eclipsing 100 points, something they hadn't done in their
previous four games.
 

   The Nuggets, who scored just 14 points in the third quarter, are
now 0-19 when they fail to reach 100 points.
 

   "When we play defense, we win," Van Gundy said. "We will
score plenty of points."
 

    Carmelo Anthony  scored 30 points and  Marcus Camby  tied a season
high with seven blocked shots.
 

   Denver coach George Karl was frustrated with his team for
settling for jumpers against the Rockets.
 

   "You are not going to beat good defensive teams by taking bad
shots," Karl said.
 

   The Rockets built an 18-point lead in the third quarter, and
didn't allow Denver to scale the lead down to single digits. The
closest the Nuggets got was 11 points.
 

   "We played with a great deal of energy," McGrady said.
 

   Coming into the contest, Mutombo's season high in rebounds was
19. The only other 40-year-old NBA player with 19 boards in a game
was  Karl Malone  on Nov. 6, 2003, when he was with the Los Angeles
Lakers.
 

   Mutombo was older than Malone when he had his first 19-rebound
game of the season against Utah on Jan. 5. He followed it up with
another against the Lakers five days later.
 

   "Mutombo getting 22 rebounds was huge," Van Gundy said. "That
helped us win the rebounding battle [by a 51-40 margin]. Lately
we've been getting killed on the boards."
 

   McGrady had 21 points in the first half, and it could've been
more had he not tried to get his teammates involved.
 

   "I had it rolling," he said. "I wanted to set the tone for my
team and they followed."
 Game notes  Houston G  Bonzi Wells  didn't play Friday night due to a
sore right foot. ... Van Gundy wasn't sure how close Ming was to
returning to the court. Ming has been on the inactive list for the
last 31 games with a fractured tibia on his right leg. "The
doctors haven't told me anything," he said. "I really don't know
when he will be better." ... Denver G  Steve Blake  had 14 points
and six assists. ... Anthony drew a technical foul late in the
first half after he slammed the ball and emphatically pumped his
fist in the direction of a Rockets player. ... Howard had a
season-high seven assists. 