SALT LAKE CITY -- For once, the  Utah Jazz  didn't have to
rely on  Mehmet Okur  making a clutch shot at the end. 	   Okur was resting as the rest of the Jazz finished a 102-76 win
over the  Atlanta Hawks  on Monday night. 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 With a 102-76 loss to the Jazz on Monday, the Hawks have lost their last 13 road games in Utah. The Hawks' last win in Salt Lake City was on Feb. 13, 1993, when Dominique Wilkins' 43 points led a 121-112 victory. Only three NBA teams have gone longer in terms of time since their last win on the road against a particular team: the Bucks at Phoenix (last win was Feb. 21, 1987; 0-19 since then), the Celtics at San Antonio (last win was Feb. 14, 1990; 0-15 since then), and the Nuggets at Orlando (last win was March 10, 1992; 0-14 since then).  
 Read more  Elias Says .
 
 
 	   Okur is still recovering from a stomach bug and didn't play in
the fourth quarter, but still scored 19 points.  Andrei Kirilenko ,
who has been hampered by back spasms, added 11 points, four blocks
and four assists as the Jazz won their fifth in a row. 	   Utah is 5-1 since  Carlos Boozer  went out with a small break in
his left leg, getting contributions from nearly everyone in the
lineup. 	   We need everybody out there. We can't continue to survive with
guys playing so-so and then having guys out of the lineup," Jazz
coach Jerry Sloan said. "We're just not that good." 	    Deron Williams  added nine assists and  Derek Fisher  scored 14 for
the Jazz, who are on their longest winning streak since they won
eight in a row in November while opening the season 12-1. And after
needing some late rallies in the previous four games, this one was
just about over early in the second half. 	   Utah outrebounded Atlanta 52-32 and the Jazz went 32-for-36 from
the foul line. 	   "It definitely feels good to get one by a large margin. We
haven't had a blowout for a while," Williams said. "It felt good
to get some rest and get some guys some minutes." 	   The Hawks had won five straight on the road, beating the
Warriors 106-105 Sunday night in Oakland, but they had very little
left for the Jazz. 	   Atlanta was just 4-for-17 in the opening quarter and was down by
12 before the end of the first period. By the fourth, it was just a
battle of the reserves as the Jazz beat the Hawks for the ninth
straight time. 	    Marvin Williams  led Atlanta with 15 points. Williams also got a
bloody nose when he took a forearm by Utah's  Rafael Araujo  early in
the fourth quarter, which resulted in Araujo getting ejected and
Atlanta's  Josh Smith  getting a technical as Williams remained down
in the lane. 	   "I feel like he came straight for my face," said Williams, who
also took a hard shot from Araujo during the summer league in July.
"In the NBA, there's always hard fouls taken, but I really think
it's crossing the line when you start taking shots at somebody's
head." 	   After Araujo left to a standing ovation from the Jazz fans, both
coaches pulled their starters before anybody else could get hurt or
in trouble before the All-Star break. 	   Atlanta coach Mike Woodson said Araujo should be suspended. 	   "It's unacceptable. You can't do that," Woodson said. "The
league will have a chance to see it and they'll make a decision
from there." 	    Joe Johnson  added 14 points and Smith and  Zaza Pachulia  scored
10 each for the Hawks. 	    Paul Millsap  had 13 points and nine rebounds and 
 Matt Harpring 
finished with 11 points and eight boards.  Gordan Giricek  added 10
points for the Jazz. 	   Utah closed the first half with a 10-3 run and led 50-32 at
halftime. The Hawks didn't make much of a run early in the third
quarter and the Jazz pulled away in the final few minutes. Fisher
and Okur hit back-to-back layups to start an 11-1 run, which also
included a 3-pointer and long jumper by Giricek. 	   The Hawks were scoreless from Marvin Williams' free throw with
4:58 left in the third to  Josh Childress ' layup with 2:34 remaining
in the period. 	   By the end of the third, the Jazz were up 79-50 and had most of
their starters resting on the bench. 	   "Our team didn't come to compete tonight," Woodson said. "We
were a non-factor from beginning to end." 

   
 Game notes  Atlanta has lost 13 straight visits to Utah since beating
the Jazz on Feb. 13, 1993. ... The Hawks hadn't lost on the road
since Jan. 23 at Chicago, 94-86. 