OKLAHOMA CITY -- Going into overtime gave  David West  the
chance to make up for his late-game gaffe. In the process, he put
the New Orleans Hornets right in the thick of the playoff race. 	   West scored a season-high 33 points, including three straight
baskets in overtime, and the Hornets used a 103-100 victory over
the  Los Angeles Clippers  on Tuesday night to get within one game of
the Western Conference's last playoff spot.
 Elias Says Brand Elton Brand scored 37 points on Tuesday, giving him over 1,500 for the third straight season. Since the team moved to Los Angeles for the 1984-85 season, no other Clippers players has scored 1,500 points in three consecutive seasons. Read more  Elias Says . 	   "We're just going to keep fighting," said West, who was one
point shy of tying his career high. "As long as we've got a
heartbeat, we're going to keep going." 	   West put back a missed 3-pointer by  Devin Brown  to put the
Hornets up 96-93 and then added a jumper and another putback to
give New Orleans a seven-point lead. 	   The overtime surge helped make up for a late-game lapse for
West, who went for a steal and was beaten for a game-tying dunk by
 Elton Brand  with 9.5 seconds left in regulation. 	   With the help of missed free throws by  Chris Paul  and West, the
Clippers had one last chance to tie it. Brown intercepted a long
inbounds pass by  Corey Maggette  to seal the win and prompt
streamers to fall from the ceiling. 	   "We don't make anything easy, but we make it exciting," said
Hornets coach Byron Scott, whose team is an NBA-best 7-0 in
overtime this season. With the Clippers' loss, Toronto (3-0) is the
only other team with a perfect overtime record. 	   Brown scored 25 points to equal his career best, and Paul added
17 points and 10 assists for New Orleans. The Hornets moved within
one game of Golden State for the eighth and final Western
Conference playoff spot. 	   The Clippers are in ninth place, a half game behind the Warriors
and the same margin ahead of the Hornets. New Orleans closes its
season at the Clippers on April 18. 	   "Bottom line is, mathematically, we can still control our
destiny if we win out," Clippers coach  Mike Dunleavy  said. "We
had a hiccup here in the road and we have to bounce back." 	   Brand tied his season high with 37 points, Maggette had 24
points and  Chris Kaman  added 10 points and 13 rebounds for Los
Angeles, which has lost three straight. 	   "We're up against the world right now," Brand said. "Two days
ago, it was like, 'OK, you guys are in. Now who are you going to
play?' Now, it's, 'How are you guys gonna get in?' We've just got
to dig deep, play harder in the third and fourth quarters." 	   It was the second time in three games the Clippers gave up a
double-digit lead. They led by 15 in the second quarter of a 96-93
loss to Denver on Saturday. 	   Brown gave the Hornets an 89-85 lead with 1:22 left in
regulation when he stole the ball and raced downcourt for a
right-handed jam. 	   Brand responded with a jumper from the left side, and Paul
missed a jumper that appeared to nick the bottom of the rim before
the Hornets were called for a shot clock violation. Brand missed a
jumper for the tie, but the Clippers got another chance when
 Cuttino Mobley  knocked an inbounds pass to  Jason Hart  in a scrum on
the floor near midcourt. 	   That's when Brand whirled past West, who was going for a steal,
and went in for the dunk. 	   "I saw something and thought I was going to be able to get my
hand on the ball, and he saw it coming and made his move," West
said. "I wanted to respond. We really had been going at one
another all night. I just wanted to respond at the other end." 	   Paul hit two foul shots for New Orleans, but Brand answered with
a jumper from the left side with one second left to send it to
overtime. West couldn't get a shot off before the regulation
buzzer, but more than made up for it in the extra period. 	   "We're just playing with a lot of heart, playing with a lot of
effort. That's the biggest thing _ just playing hard," West said.
"Sometimes when you really play harder than the other team, you're
able to make up for some of the mistakes that you make and we were
able to do that."
 Game Notes  NBA commissioner David Stern will attend the Hornets'
final regular-season game in Oklahoma City on Friday, a league
spokeswoman said. It's the first time he will attend a game in
Oklahoma City since the team's second game at the Ford Center on
Nov. 9, 2005. ... F  Tim Thomas , a game-time decision after missing
the Clippers' last game with a sprained left wrist, went 3-for-10
and scored seven points. ... New Orleans didn't commit a turnover
in the first quarter. The Clippers had none in the second quarter.
... Attendance was 17,704 for the next-to-last regular-season game
in Oklahoma City. The previous Clippers game drew 15,501, the
smallest Oklahoma City crowd this season. 