AUBURN HILLS, Mich. (AP) --  Ron Artest  played imaginary catch with "friends" in the stands, making gestures like he was tossing a ball underhanded in different directions before his first game at The Palace since the brawl. 
 Chris Sheridan's take 
 
 
 Ron Artest's first game at The Palace since The Brawl was uneventful -- just what David Stern was hoping would happen.  Story   
 
 
 The fans simply responded with boos and jeers. That sure beat his last game in suburban Detroit, when he was hit by a thrown cup and responded by charging into the stands to spark one of the worst brawls in U.S. sports history more than two years ago. Richard Hamilton  scored 19 points and  Tayshaun Prince  added 17 to lead the Pistons to a 91-74 win over Artest and the  Sacramento Kings  on Saturday night. Artest had 14 points, six rebounds and four assists before sitting out most of the fourth quarter of the lopsided game that Sacramento never led. "It was fine coming back," Artest said. "It was just another game." He was sentenced to one year of probation and 60 hours of community service after pleading no contest to misdemeanor assault charges. Artest returned to Detroit last summer for community service, which he said fostered relationships with some people in the area. "A couple friends, that I met when I came to Detroit, said, `When you come into the game we're going to play catch," Artest said. "I couldn't really see them because they were all spread out. "It felt like I had fans there, you know? I threw the ball and they threw it back." To prevent a repeat of the ugly events on Nov. 19, 2004, involving Artest, the  Indiana Pacers , the Pistons and their fans, a few arena security guards appeared to be assigned to be near Sacramento's bench in addition to the usual sight of a police officer, arena and team security. Other than the boos almost every time Artest had the ball, fans teased him about his CD, Mohawk haircut and the black supportive sleeves that covered much of his left leg. Artest insisted he didn't have any emotions about playing at The Palace and maintained he didn't pay attention to the jeering fans. Did he consider the night the end of the brawl story? "It's cool," he said. Detroit point guard  Chauncey Billups  said he did not need Artest's return to give him closure. "It's been over for a long time," he said. "Y'all try to keep it going because it's a good story, but it's been over with us." While Artest was reserved in his comments about coming back to the scene of the melee, he took a shot at the Pistons when asked about the addition of  Chris Webber . "They're not as good as they used to be," he said. "I can't really point it out. I remember playing against another type of team." The Pistons have won two straight, both with Webber in the starting lineup and scoring in double figures, after losing eight of 11. Webber had 11 points and 10 rebounds. "He's fitting right in," Hamilton said. "He knows how to play the game." Corliss Williamson  scored 17 points and  Mike Bibby  had 11 for the Kings, who have lost eight of nine. Sacramento's  Shareef Abdur-Rahim  paused for several seconds before answering what the team could do to break out of the slump. "We just have to keep pushing," he said. Some pushing and shoving led to the brawl in Artest's previous visit. It started after Artest fouled Detroit's  Ben Wallace  with 45.9 seconds left in a game that Indiana was leading by 15. Wallace responded with a two-handed shove to Artest's chin, leading to several players pushing and Artest lying on the scorer's table. Just when the confrontation appeared to be over, Artest was hit with a cup filled with an icy drink. The volatile player bolted into the stands in a rage, followed by fist-swinging teammate  Stephen Jackson . Artest and teammate  Jermaine O'Neal  later slugged fans on the court. When the Pacers finally were able to get off the court, they were pelted with beer, popcorn and other debris. Two days later, Artest was suspended for the rest of the season -- 73 games, plus the playoffs -- in a move that cost him almost $5 million. Pistons reserve  Antonio McDyess  had 12 points, scoring in double figures for the third time in four games. Detroit enjoyed a blowout after being pushed to overtime in two of the previous three games -- winning at Minnesota and losing to the Timberwolves -- and dropping the other game to Utah by a point. The rout allowed starters such as Billups to play less than usual. "It's definitely nice to be able to come out and put a team away," said Billups, who played 26 minutes. "We came out and took care of business early and got some rest." The Pistons started strong, scoring the first seven points and going on a 13-2 run late in the first quarter that set up a 22-12 lead in what was the lowest-scoring quarter against them this season. Sacramento didn't pose a threat the rest of the game. "We played like we were tired," Sacramento coach Eric Musselman said. "If you play tired, you're going to lose." Game notes  Detroit C  Nazr Mohammed , who the Pistons are trying to trade, entered the game in the fourth quarter after not playing the previous two games. ... Bibby had two assists, giving him 4,000 for his career. 