TORONTO -- The  Memphis Grizzlies  scored the first 10 points of the game and the last 18. It wasn't pretty in between. Chris Bosh  had 19 points and nine rebounds, and the  Toronto Raptors  ended a three-game losing streak with a 94-87 victory over the NBA-worst Grizzlies on Wednesday night. Andrea Bargnani , the No. 1 pick in the draft, added 18 points for the Raptors, who led by as many as 25 points. Memphis began the game on 10-0 run and ended it on an 18-0 run as Toronto didn't score during the final six minutes. Toronto outscored Memphis 94-59 between the runs. "It's hard to keep the focus level for 48 minutes when the frustration level around us is so high," said Grizzlies star  Pau Gasol , who wants out of Memphis. Interim coach Tony Barone said the Grizzlies didn't try hard. "That's my fault," Barone said. "I have to get the team ready to play with maximum effort. You don't win in this league with a half effort." Mike Miller  scored 19 points for the Grizzlies, who have lost five straight overall and eight of nine road games, falling to 4-27 away from home. Toronto ended an eight-game losing streak to Memphis and moved 4 1/2 games ahead of idle New Jersey for first place in the Atlantic Division. Coach  Sam Mitchell  called a timeout after the slow start. "Nobody panicked," Bosh said. "We stuck to the game plan and eventually they started missing shots." Bosh bounced back after grabbing just one rebound in a loss to Washington on Tuesday night. The Raptors have not dropped four straight since Dec. 6-11. At that time, they were in fourth place in the Atlantic and 13th in the East, but they've gone 26-15 since. "This was very important to us. We had a little three-game slide and a team that was beatable," Bosh said. Miller had six points as Memphis began their run, but Toronto ended the first quarter leading 25-20 and never trailed again.  Juan Dixon  had eight of his 17 points in the period. Dixon, who scored a season-high 24 points against Cleveland on Friday, started his second straight game in place of  Anthony Parker  (sprained right ankle). Toronto acquired Dixon from Portland just before last month's trade deadline. T.J. Ford  and  Jose Calderon , Toronto's two point guards, combined for 17 assists and 15 points. Calderon had nine assists and 11 points. "It was an opponent that we knew we were supposed to beat," Ford said. Bargnani hasn't shown any signs of fatigue in his rookie season, displaying a nice touch from outside and inside. The Italian forward had 12 points as Toronto led 49-38 at halftime. Morris Peterson 's 3-pointer and Bosh's short jumper gave Toronto a 24-point lead with 8:29 left in the game. Game notes  Toronto's bench scored 46 points. ... The Raptors ended a four-game home skid to Memphis. ... Toronto shot 50 percent compared to 44 for Memphis. ... Dixon went 6-for-9 from the field. ... The Raptors don't play again until Sunday. 