SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) -- The Timberwolves can always count on  Kevin Garnett . Wednesday night he finally got the help he needed to end Minnesota's road woes. Rookie guard  Randy Foye  scored 24 points and Garnett had 17 points and 18 rebounds to rally the Timberwolves to 95-89 victory over the  Sacramento Kings . The Timberwolves snapped an 11-game road losing streak and outscored the Kings 32-19 in the fourth quarter. Sacramento has lost seven of eight. Rookie  Craig Smith  had five points in crunch time and Foye made jumper after jumper and finished with 14 fourth-quarter points. Smith broke a tie when he took Garnett's pass in traffic and scored inside. Fouled by  Corliss Williamson  on the play, Smith converted the free throw for a 90-87 lead with 1:18 remaining. He later made two free throws for a 94-89 lead with 8.7 seconds left to seal the victory, the first road win for Minnesota since Jan. 27 against the Clippers. "I was just reading the play. I set a screen for Kevin and was just watching to see what he would do," said Smith, who had eight points and seven rebounds. "I stepped in and Kevin got me the ball. I lost the ball a little bit, but recovered it and was able to finish and make the free throw." With a month left in the season, both Sacramento and the Timberwolves are trying to remain in the Western Conference playoff chase. Minnesota snapped a three-game losing streak and stayed within 2 1/2 games of the eighth and final playoff berth. The loss put the Kings three games out of the eighth slot. "It's a great feeling, we finally got a win on the road," said  Ricky Davis , who had 14 points and seven assists. "We needed to win anyway and it's always a big win to beat Sacramento. We were down nine points, but we still were getting some good shots. This helps us a bit." Mike Bibby  had 23 points and seven assists, while  Shareef Abdur-Rahim  added 19 points for the Kings, who were without injured starting post players  Brad Miller  and  Kenny Thomas . Williamson got a rare start and responded with 17 points and 10 rebounds for the Kings. "Foye did a phenomenal job in this league for a rookie, to be able to score 24 points in 25 minutes, that's hard to do," Kings coach Eric Musselman said. Ron Artest , who had 11 points, seven rebounds and five assists, was scheduled to be arraigned Thursday morning in a Placer County courtroom. He faces four misdemeanor charges stemming from a dispute with his wife at home earlier this month. The Kings will be traveling to Phoenix to begin a home-and-home series against the Suns. Artest is expected to take a commercial flight to Phoenix following his court appearance and be available for the game Thursday night. He was not available for comment before or after the game. Mike James  added 12 points for the Timberwolves, who are 10-25 on the road this season. After spending most of the third quarter on the bench, Foye helped rally the Timberwolves from a seven-point deficit. Foye shot 9-of-12 and made all six of his free throws. "In the walkthrough today I told coach I felt so good. I was making so many shots I just stopped," Foye said. Bibby and Abdur-Rahim had 11 points in the first half, helping the Kings to a 48-43 lead. "We just didn't execute at the end, we turned the ball over and couldn't get quality shots that we wanted," Williamson said. "I think they stepped up their defense and made it tough on us." Game notes  The Timberwolves have an 9-18 record since Randy Wittman took over as coach Jan. 23 for Dwane Casey. ... Kings leading scorer  Kevin Martin  had three points in the first half and finished with nine. ... Garnett received a technical on the first play of the third quarter when he objected to a no-call when he made a basket from close range. 