HOUSTON --  Tracy McGrady  and  Ray Allen  seemed to be going shot-for-shot at times Wednesday night. In the end, T-Mac made the bucket that mattered most. McGrady and Allen both scored 36 points, but McGrady sank a 3-pointer with 51 seconds left to clinch the  Houston Rockets ' 112-102 victory over the  Seattle SuperSonics , who tied a franchise record with their 14th consecutive road loss. When McGrady dribbled away from rookie  Mickael Gelabale  and swished his fourth 3-pointer, he glanced at the Sonics' bench and wryly grinned as Seattle coach Bob Hill called a timeout. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Allen Ray Allen scored 36 points in the Sonics' loss at Houston and finished January with a league-high 30.4 points per game scoring average for the month, besting Dwyane Wade (30.3). Allen Iverson topped the charts with his 31.7 ppg average during November and Gilbert Arenas (34.1) was the NBA's scoring leader for December.  It's not unusual for a different player to lead the NBA in scoring average in each of the first three months of a season. In fact, it happened in both 2003-04 (Iverson, Peja Stojakovic and Tracy McGrady) and 2004-05 (Kobe Bryant, Iverson and Jermaine O'Neal).  But since 1975-76, there's been only one other season like this one in which the NBA had a different scoring leader in November, December and January, each with an average of at least 30 points per game. That was in 1983-84, when it happened in each of the first four full months of the season: Adrian Dantley in November (30.2 ppg for the Jazz), Mark Aguirre in December (32.3 for the Mavericks), George Gervin in January (30.6 for the Spurs) and Bernard King in February (32.9 for the Knicks). 
 Read more  Elias Says .
 
 
 McGrady has been plagued by back problems the past three seasons, but he's healed now and enjoying basketball as much as he has in a while. It helps that the Rockets have won four in a row and eight of their last 11. "I just think that me being healthy, I'm playing with a great deal of confidence," he said, "and my team is doing the same." Allen, meanwhile, isn't getting much support. The Sonics have been ravaged by injuries this season, leaving him to carry the team almost every night. It isn't working, especially on the road, where the Sonics are winless since Nov. 22. "We needed someone else to make an open jump shot," Hill said. "We put so much pressure on him [Allen] and he is unbelievable the way he keeps hitting those shots. He's been phenomenal." Rafer Alston  had 15 points and nine assists and  Dikembe Mutombo  had 10 points and eight rebounds for the Rockets, who've won 13 of 19 games since  Yao Ming  broke his right leg. "We understand the task at hand," McGrady said. "We know that we don't have that big guy down in the post, who is giving us 25 [points] and 10 [rebounds] a night. That gives other guys opportunities to step up and take on that challenge and they've been doing a great job of it." The Sonics shot 52 percent (45-of-87) and outrebounded Houston 41-34, but dropped to 2-23 when they trail after three quarters. "It's small, little stuff that is hurting us," Allen said. "Our guys are learning on the job and it is a group effort. As a team, we have to do better." McGrady hit his first three shots, including a 3-pointer, to keep the Rockets close as the Sonics made 18 of their first 24 shots. Allen scored twice early in the second quarter and  Johan Petro  hit a shot in the lane as Seattle retook the lead. The Sonics then missed eight of their next 11 shots and the Rockets went on 10-2 run to take a 49-45 lead. McGrady drove for a layup and banked in a 3-pointer in the final 17 seconds of the half to lift Houston to a 59-51 lead. McGrady had 21 points at the break, but Seattle shot 60.5 percent (23-of-38) in the first half against the Rockets' league-leading defense. "They're a hard team for us to guard," Houston coach Jeff Van Gundy said. "The only thing we did right defensively was not foul." Allen made his first four shots of the second half, all of them with Houston defenders in his face, to cut the Rockets' lead to two. McGrady answered with two jumpers from the wing and a pass to Mutombo for an easy dunk as Houston stretched the lead to 79-73. Nick Collison  scored three baskets late in the third quarter and Houston led only 85-82 heading to the fourth. Collison finished with 25 points and 17 rebounds. McGrady skipped the fourth quarter of Houston's last two games, both blowout victories. He sat out the first six minutes of the final quarter on Wednesday and the Rockets led 93-88 when he returned. McGrady promptly found  Luther Head  open for a 3-pointer. Head hit three 3-pointers and scored 14. "I knew I had to be a playmaker down the stretch and my guys did a great job of getting to open areas," McGrady said. The Sonics started the final quarter 3-for-13. Allen missed three of his first five shots as the Rockets swarmed him with double- and triple-teams. Allen drove for a reverse layup with 5:38 remaining to draw Seattle within six, but  Chuck Hayes  quickly scored at the other end. Allen hit consecutive jumpers under heavy pressure, but Hayes scored again to keep the Rockets comfortably ahead before McGrady clinched the win. Game notes  The Rockets improved to 16-2 at home when they lead after three quarters. The Sonics dropped to 0-14 on the road when they trail after three. ... Collison has seven double-doubles in his last 10 games. ...Head will play for the sophomores in the Rookie Challenge during All-Star Weekend. 