PHILADELPHIA (AP) --  Kyle Korver  and  Andre Miller  gave the  Philadelphia 76ers  exactly what they were looking for -- a fast start to the second half of the season. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Korver Kyle Korver scored 25 points off the bench in the 76ers' win over the Hornets. It was the 10th time this season that Korver has scored at least 20 as a substitute. The only player who has done that more often this year is Ben Gordon (22); Leandro Barbosa has also done it 10 times. Read more  Elias Says 
 
 
 Korver scored 25 points, Miller had 17 points and 11 assists, and five Sixers scored in double figures as Philadelphia raced to an early lead and held on for a 102-96 victory over the New Orleans Hornets on Tuesday night. Andre Iguodala  added 20 points as Philadelphia opened its second half with a victory after going 11-30 over a turbulent first 41 games.  Rodney Carney , who got the start after  Willie Green  was a late scratch, chipped in with 13 points, and  Samuel Dalembert  added 10 points and seven rebounds. After a rocky first half that included the trade of star  Allen Iverson  to Denver and the release of high-priced  Chris Webber , the Sixers are ready to settle into a rotation and do whatever they can to make the second half a success. "These guys have hung together, despite all the stuff that we've been through," coach Maurice Cheeks said. "We're just trying to play some good basketball and we'll just see what happens from there." Devin Brown  led the Hornets with a season-high 24 points and  David West  added 23 points and 11 rebounds in his third game back after missing 30 following shoulder surgery.  Desmond Mason  scored 17 for the Hornets, who had won four of five. The Hornets looked like the team with the second-worst record in the NBA. Hurt by poor shooting and ballhandling, New Orleans fell 19 points behind in the first half. The Hornets had 11 turnovers over the first two periods and 15 overall. Surprisingly, the Sixers finished with 16 turnovers, with nine coming in the second half, helping to fuel the Hornets' comeback. "It's very disappointing that we came out with that lack of energy, effort, intensity, focus and just a little bit of everything," New Orleans coach Byron Scott said. "I don't mind the loss; I'm more disappointed in our approach than anything." A slow start was costly for the Sixers against San Antonio on Sunday. But there was no such letdown -- at either end of the court -- in this game. While the Sixers played at a very high level offensively, Cheeks was quick to point to the difference. "The defense," he said. "The big guys in the middle were a factor, and we had talked about keeping pressure on the ball." Korver agreed. "Except for the last three or four minutes, we played pretty good basketball," he said. Miller, acquired by Philadelphia in the December deal that sent Iverson to the Nuggets, was the catalyst in this win, feeding Korver and Iguodala throughout. "I've never played with a point guard like him," Korver said, "the way he threads the needle. He helps me a lot, gets me a lot of easy shots." New Orleans closed within eight points in the third quarter before fading again and falling 20 points behind midway through the fourth. But New Orleans went on a late 18-4 run, closing to 96-90. West hit a 3-pointer with just over seven seconds left, pulling New Orleans within four, before the Sixers put the game away. "When you are down 20, you can make the score look respectable, but we were never in this game," Scott said. The Sixers, who had lost four of five, improved to 4-13 against Western Conference teams, while New Orleans slipped to 1-10 in its last 11 road games. "We came out, and instead of playing our style of basketball, we kind of let them do what they wanted to," West said. "We didn't get any stops early, and they just had momentum throughout the whole game." Korver and Miller helped the Sixers build a 14-point halftime lead. Miller scored six points and Korver added four as the Sixers stretched a three-point lead to 13. The Sixers went on to extend the lead to 19 points with just over three minutes remaining in the second quarter. Korver had 13 first-half points, and Miller added 10 points and six assists. The Hornets missed 19 of their first 29 shots and were slowed by 14-for-35 shooting and 11 turnovers in the first two periods. Mason led New Orleans with 12 first-half points, and West had 10. Game notes  Cheeks said Green aggravated his right knee in the team's previous game. Green said he wasn't injured, just sore. He's not sure of his availability for Wednesday's game against the Cavaliers. ... Carney started his 16th game of the season. ... Members of the Phillies drew a loud cheer when they participated in a halftime shooting contest. Ryan Howard and Aaron Rowand tied in the competition. Jimmy Rollins and Cole Hamels also competed. ... Philadelphia is 7-12 since trading Iverson. ... New Orleans'  Rasual Butler  and  Marc Jackson  had a homecoming of sorts. Butler played his college ball at La Salle (1998-2002), and Jackson, who played two seasons with the Sixers, played at Temple. 