SAN ANTONIO -- The  San Antonio Spurs  believe they may have solved their problems with inconsistency. Tony Parker  scored 21 points and  Robert Horry  added 17 to lead the Spurs to their fifth straight win, 102-71 over the  Seattle SuperSonics  on Saturday night. "We have had a hard time being consistent," Parker said. "We've played hard for a half or a quarter. The last five games we've been playing great." Matt Bonner  had 13 points,  Manu Ginobili  11 and  Tim Duncan  added six points and 15 rebounds as San Antonio matched its longest winning streak of the season. "Our consistency at some points is not there, but we are starting in the right direction," Duncan said. "It's good to come out of the break playing well." Ray Allen  scored 12 points -- 10 in the first quarter -- to lead the Sonics, and  Rashard Lewis  and  Damien Wilkins  had 10 each. "Ray had to carry us last night and try to carry us again tonight," Sonics coach Bob Hill said. Parker bounced back from a bad performance on Wednesday against the  Atlanta Hawks , when he finished with six points on 3-for-14 shooting. Seattle, which lost 98-97 at New Orleans on Friday night, had a season-low scoring total and lost for the sixth time in the last 10 games. "I think there was a breaking point in tonight's game where we were so tired from last night that it just wasn't going to happen," Hill said. San Antonio took the lead for good when Duncan's layup, credited to him when  Chris Wilcox  was called for goaltending, made it 11-10 with 6:18 left in the first. "We gave them easy buckets and in turn we didn't get those same easy buckets and it was downhill from there," Allen said. "Offensively, we just didn't exist." Allen went 4-of-20 from the field, mostly matched up against  Bruce Bowen . "(Bruce is) excellent every night. He guards usually the biggest scorer on the other team night after night after night," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. The Spurs were up 27-20 at the end of the first quarter, thanks to three straight 3-pointers from Horry. "It's been up and down for us lately. We just wanted to play four quarters," Horry said. "We've struggled all year putting four quarters together. We've put two or three quarters together." Parker got going in the second, scoring 12 points and leading the Spurs on a 25-5 run that pushed their lead to 56-34 at halftime. "My outside shot was going. When my outside shot is going, I feel like I can do whatever I want," Parker said. "It was a good feeling." Horry's bank shot with 37.9 left in the third gave San Antonio a 30-point lead, and his fourth 3 of the game 31 seconds later made it 78-45. "We had a total team effort. You love it when the guys are passing the ball, getting open jumpers," Horry said. "That's when we're at our best." By the start of the fourth quarter, both teams had taken out all of their starters. Bonner scored all of his 13 points in the fourth. Game notes  The Spurs beat the Sonics 98-78 in Seattle in November. The teams will meet again March 25 in Seattle. ... The Spurs host Toronto on Monday, and the Sonics return home to host Portland. ... There was a moment of silence before the game for Dennis Johnson. Johnson, who died Thursday, was coach of the NBA Development League's Austin Toros. Austin is 80 miles northeast of San Antonio. ... The Spurs improved to 38-18. The Sonics fell to 21-34. 