CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- The  Memphis Grizzlies  came through with the type of road performance they've rarely had this season. The Grizzlies ended a six-game losing streak with a 115-107 victory over the  Charlotte Bobcats  on Saturday night. It was only their fifth road win in 33 games, coming a night after a one-point loss in Atlanta. "I didn't know how we would react because I was really upset [on Friday]," coach Tony Barone said. "Not with the end of the game but with the first two quarters. I thought they pulled up their straps and came to play tonight." Pau Gasol  led the way with 31 points and 15 rebounds.  Hakim Warrick  had 18 points for Memphis and  Rudy Gay  added 16 points and 10 boards.  Mike Miller  scored 17 points. "The ticket played well," Miller said of Gasol. "Whenever the meal ticket plays like that we're tough. He played really well tonight." Said Gasol: "It's not easy to be able to bounce back from the losing streak we had and then the loss last night was a very tough one. I think we've got to be proud of ourselves and try to carry it on. We just can't be happy and satisfied because we got one win. One win in this league doesn't mean anything. We have to be a little more consistent." Raymond Felton  scored a season-high 24 points on 10-of-19 shooting, while  Gerald Wallace  added 24 points and 13 rebounds for Charlotte. Even the return of forward  Sean May  couldn't prevent the Bobcats from losing their eighth straight game. May, who had missed the last 20 games with a knee injury, played 22 minutes and scored 13 points and grabbed three rebounds. He hadn't played since Jan. 26 against the  Los Angeles Lakers . "I still got some time before I get some time before I get my rhythm back and my timing back," May said. "I played 22 minutes out there and it was a little sore at times. But toward the end, once the game got close I sort of forgot about it. I still have some adjusting to do. I don't think there are too many games where I have played 22 minutes and only had three rebounds. I just wish the outcome was different." It didn't make it any easier that May had to cover Gasol on defense. "He's a heck of a player. I told the guys, my first game back that's a tough player to guard," May said. "He's so crafty. I thought I did a fairly good job on him. The second half I struggled and he was going right and left. The guy is tough. He's an All-Star." Derek Anderson  had 16 points. The Bobcats, who clearly miss injured center  Emeka Okafor , were outrebounded 44-35 and outscored 52-42 in the paint. Charlotte trailed by as many as 10 in the fourth quarter but battled back to cut the lead to three with 2:04 remaining on a pair of free throws by May. However, the Grizzlies went back inside to Gasol, who scored off the glass on a pretty inside move. Gay hit two free throws to get the lead back to seven. Warrick put the game out of reach with a dunk with 1:17 to play. Charlotte led 72-71 near the end of the third quarter before the Grizzlies began to pull away. Gasol, the Grizzlies' career scoring leader, went strong to the hoop to give Memphis the lead and  Junior Harrington  and  Tarence Kinsey  hit jumpers to build a 78-72 lead. The Grizzlies didn't trail again. Game notes  Charlotte center  Ryan Hollins  missed the game with the flu. ... The Grizzlies made one lineup change, as Warrick started in place of  Lawrence Roberts . ... Gay clearly outplayed fellow rookie  Adam Morrison , who played just 15 minutes and had three points and three rebounds. 