OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) -- Now that they are finally healthy, the  Golden State Warriors  think they can make a run at a playoff spot. Baron Davis  scored 22 points, and the Warriors took advantage of  Carmelo Anthony 's absence to beat the  Denver Nuggets  110-96 on Wednesday night. All five starters scored in double figures for the Warriors (28-35), who overcame a 12-point second-quarter deficit and took control of the game with a 14-4 outburst to start the third quarter. The Warriors were 16-of-34 from 3-point range, including four each by  Jason Richardson  and  Stephen Jackson . "They've all had their shots at us when haven't been together," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "It's been a long time getting here, but I like the way the team's playing. Everyone's fired up to have a full squad." Davis, who has missed 18 games, had nine assists and five rebounds. Jason Richardson, who missed 31 games, had 16 points, six rebounds and four assists. But Nelson singled out recent addition Jackson, who has only been with the team for 19 games after coming over in a trade with Indiana, as the key to this win. Jackson had 18 points and eight assists, despite being hampered by tendinitis in his left knee and a troublesome left big toe. "Jackson did a really good job in the second half on  Allen Iverson ," Nelson said. "I didn't even know if I'd have him in the second half. Once I put him in, I wasn't going to take him out because I knew he'd stiffen up." Al Harrington , who scored 20 points to go along with nine rebounds, added three 3-pointers. "They can really shoot the ball," Nuggets coach George Karl said. "We gave them their strength way too often with the corner 3, which they like to shoot." Iverson led Denver (29-30) with 35 points, but only surprise starter  DerMarr Johnson  joined him in double figures with 15. Anthony, the NBA's leading scorer, remained in Denver after the birth of his first child. "I thought we had a great game going until about the four-minute mark of the second quarter," Karl said. "They got back into the game, and in the second half, we never got into an offensive rhythm. We never got A.I. into the game like we did in the first half." Iverson had only 11 points after halftime. "I didn't finish like I did in the first half," Iverson said. "I just struggled for whatever reason, at the wrong time of the game." Iverson helped the Nuggets open a 48-36 lead with 3:54 remaining in the second quarter. The Warriors used the 3-pointer to get back in the game, making four in a 16-3 run that gave them a 54-53 lead. Davis made three free throws after being fouled on a desperation 3-pointer with 0.6 seconds left in the half, giving Golden State a 59-58 lead. Iverson cooled in the third quarter, missing his first five shots, and the Denver offense disappeared along with his. The Nuggets were just 4-of-23 in the period while the Warriors seized control. Golden State stretched its lead to 93-73 midway through the fourth quarter. The Nuggets cut it to 98-89 with 3:08 left, but got no closer. The Warriors, plagued by injuries all season, are suddenly feeling confident. "The last three games, we've been playing together, playing as a team," Richardson said. "We're playing at a high level right now." Game notes  Anthony missed the game to be with his fiancee, MTV's LaLa Vazquez, who had the couple's first child earlier Wednesday. Kiyan (pronounced Kai-ann) Anthony arrived weighing 5 lbs., 9 oz. and is 18 1/2 inches long. Warriors coach Don Nelson said the Warriors are "still in the hunt," despite his statement last week that the team wasn't going to get to postseason. Nelson said that quote was taken out of context. Johnson didn't get off the bench against New Orleans on Tuesday night. He finished with 12 points in 30 minutes Wednesday. 