EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. --  Vince Carter  and  Jason Kidd  are now in the same category with  Michael Jordan  and  Scottie Pippen , at least when it comes to triple-doubles. 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Vince Carter and Jason Kidd both posted triple-doubles in the Nets 120-114 overtime win vs. the Wizards, marking the first NBA game in which two teammates each had a triple-double since Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen did it against the Clippers, also an overtime game, on Jan. 3, 1989. 
But it had been even a longer time -- just over 30 years -- since we had seen an NBA player get a triple-double in which he had totals as high as Carter had in both points (46) and rebounds (16). The last player to do that was Phoenix center Alvan Adams, who had 47 points, 18 rebounds and 12 assists against the Buffalo Braves on Feb. 22, 1977. Besides Carter and Adams, the only other players in NBA history to get a triple double that included as many as 46 points and 16 rebounds were Elgin Baylor and Wilt Chamberlain (who did it twice).  Elias Says 
 
 
 Carter and Kidd became the first teammates with triple-doubles in the same game since Jordan and Pippen in 1989, leading the  New Jersey Nets  to a 120-114 overtime victory over the injury-ravaged  Washington Wizards  on Saturday night. "You can't beat that one," Carter said of the comparison to the two former  Chicago Bulls  greats. "That's nice company." Jordan had 41 points, 11 assists and 10 rebounds, while Pippen added 15 points, 12 assists and 10 rebounds in Chicago's 126-121 win over the  Los Angeles Clippers  on Jan. 3, 1989. The combination of Kidd, Carter and  Richard Jefferson  was just too much for the banged up Wizards, who lost their fourth straight game. Carter matched his season high with 46 points, added a career-best 16 rebounds and 10 assists. Kidd tied a career high with 16 rebounds, equaled his season high with 18 assists and added a late free throw for 10 points. Jefferson matched his season high with 27 points, including six of the Nets' franchise-record 17 3-pointers. Carter had seven long-range baskets. "I've been trying for a long time," Carter said of his third career triple-double. "It's a special night. I'm not used to it. I was just trying to do whatever I needed to do for the team. For me, I wanted to help on the boards and make plays because guys were hitting shots." The triple-double was the 11th of the season and 86th of his career for Kidd, who was a turnover away from a dubious quadruple-double. "I don't know how many Vince had tonight, but he was off the charts tonight," Kidd said. "He was aggressive. He found the open guy and made all the right plays. That's what Vince does. Tonight he filled up his stat sheet. I wish I could have a triple-double like that." Still, the Nets almost gave the game away, squandering a three-point lead in the closing seconds of regulation. Antawn Jamison , who had a season-high 37 points, hit a 3-pointer with 1.1 seconds to go to force the overtime on a play that the Nets intended to foul line. "I was late getting over and I didn't want to foul him," Kidd said. Jarvis Hayes  added a career-high 29 points for the Wizards, who played without All-Stars  Gilbert Arenas  (knee) and  Caron Butler  (hand). They will be out probably the rest of the season and the playoffs. The victory moved New Jersey within three games of Washington in the race for the sixth seed in the Eastern Conference. Both teams have six games to play, and they play each other again on Tuesday in Washington. "For us to be in a game like this, to fight and do the things we had to do to take it to overtime, I give credit to our guys," Wizards coach Eddie Jordan said. New Jersey never trailed in overtime, scoring the first eight points. Jefferson got the spurt started with two free throws. Carter, who was 16-of-28 from the field, added a layup, Jefferson made two more free throws and Kidd scored on a layup. With New Jersey ahead 112-106,  Clifford Robinson  hit a 3-pointer from the right corner, setting the franchise record for 3s. The Nets had tied their old record earlier this season against Washington. The Nets seemed to have the game won in regulation when Carter grabbed the rebound of the second of two missed free throws by  Mikki Moore  and was fouled with 4.4 seconds to go. He made both shots to give New Jersey a 104-101 lead. Washington called a timeout and inbounded the ball at halfcourt to Jamison, who was 12-of-29 from the field, including 6-of-14 from 3-point range. He dribbled once and connected. New Jersey tried an alley-oop to Carter, but Kidd's pass hit the backboard and there was no shot. Jamison didn't score in the overtime, missing all four of his shots. Carter, whose career high is 51 points, hit five of his first seven shots and scored the Nets' first 17 points. It wasn't until Robinson hit a 3-pointer with just under a minute to play in the quarter that another New Jersey player scored. Game notes  Carter's 17 straight points to start the game were the second most in the league this season.  Peja Stojakovic  had 20 on Nov. 14. ... The Nets lead the season series 3-0. ... The 40-point game was the fifth of the season for Carter. ... Kidd's career best for assists is 25. ... Washington has lost 12 of 13 games played in New Jersey since the 2000-01 season. ... Moore had 17 points for New Jersey before fouling out. 