CLEVELAND (AP) -- Shortly after an embarrassing loss by the home team, screeching sirens filled Quicken Loans Arena and an announcement was made that there was an emergency in the building. Turns out, it was only a false alarm. The Cavaliers, though, might be headed toward trouble. Andre Iguodala  scored eight points in the second overtime and finished with a career-high 34 as the  Philadelphia 76ers  took it to Cleveland from the start in a 118-115 win over the slumping Cavaliers on Wednesday night.
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 James LeBron James scored 13 points in the second overtime period but missed a 3-pointer at the buzzer in an attempt to extend the game. In his career, James has made 4 of 14 potential game-tying or game-winning field-goal attempts in the final second of either the fourth quarter or overtime. LeBron's 13 points were the most for any NBA player in the second overtime period of a game since Orlando's Darrell Armstrong scored 13 in a victory at Philadelphia on Feb. 2, 2001. 
 Read more  Elias Says .
 
 
 Samuel Dalembert  added a season-high 20 points and 10 rebounds before fouling out in the second OT as the Sixers snapped a five-game losing streak on the road and won for just the third time in 20 games outside Philly. Meanwhile, the Cavaliers have dropped five of six and are sliding back among the Eastern Conference's leaders. "Somehow, we have to get more consistent,"  Larry Hughes  said. "It's not about Xs and Os. We don't need our coaches to get on us. We just need to figure ourselves out. Nobody is satisfied with how we're playing." Kyle Korver 's two free throws with 2.1 seconds left in the second OT put the Sixers ahead by three, and Philadelphia held on when  LeBron James , who made two 3-pointers in the final eight seconds to get Cleveland within one, was long with a 3 before the horn. James scored a season-high 39 points -- 13 in the second OT -- and Hughes added 26 for the Cavaliers, who have lost two straight at home for the first time this season. "We have to get a win," James said. "When you're not playing well and guys hit tough shots, it's deflating. When a team comes in here and beats you on your home court, that's deflating." Cleveland, the NBA's worst free-throw shooting team at 68 percent, went 25-of-34 from the line. The Sixers, on the other hand, went 26-of-27 on their free throws with Iguodala making all 12 of his attempts. "I've been making a conscious effort, since the summer, to work on my free throws," said Iguodala, whose 83 percent shooting is up eight points from last season. "I shoot 60 free throws every practice, so when it comes down to them in games and you're tired, it's a huge factor." Rodney Carney  had 18 points and  Andre Miller  16 with eight assists for the Sixers, who improved to 8-12 since trading  Allen Iverson  to Denver and won in overtime for the second time in four games. Zydrunas Ilgauskas  had 23 points and 10 rebounds for Cleveland. Iguodala, who made big plays all night, fouled out Ilgauskas on a questionable call underneath -- the Cavs center appeared to get all ball on a block -- and the Sixers swingman made two free throws with 2:24 left to give Philadelphia a 108-104 lead. But James kept the Cavs in it by making three 3-pointers and scoring 11 points over the next 1:38 before Korver's free throws and James' failed final fling ended the 3-hour, 1-minute game. James banked in a five-foot runner with 1:04 left in the first OT to give the Cavaliers a 99-98 lead, and after  Anderson Varejao  drew a charging foul in the lane on Miller, it appeared Cleveland would survive. But Ilgauskas missed an open jumper and Iguodala dropped two free throws with 19.1 seconds remaining to put the Sixers ahead 100-99. On Cleveland's next trip, James got the benefit of the doubt on some contact inside as Dalembert was called for a foul. However, with a chance to put the Cavs ahead, James split his two free throws, tying it at 100. The Sixers, who came in 1-26 when trailing after three quarters, were down by six with two minutes left in regulation before going on a 9-3 spurt and pulling even at 92-92 on Iguodala's tough six-footer over James with 8.6 seconds remaining. "You know what's funny," Iguodala said. "Watching tapes of LeBron, he does that same move a lot, where he drives hard to the right and hits a little floater. I was thinking about that -- that's a tough move." James, who doesn't like to rank his dazzling dunks, came up with a new one during the third quarter that finally seemed to shake the Cavaliers from their funk. He drove the right side and as James neared the basket he was confronted by Dalembert. In mid-air, James lowered the ball to avoid any contact before rising for a two-handed stuff that brought everyone on the Cavaliers bench out of his seat. Game notes  James' 39 points are the most ever scored by a Cavaliers player against Philadelphia. Campy Russell scored 38 in 1977. ... James is excited about his new endorsement deal with Microsoft. He's hoping his name can enhance the computer software giant's image. "I'll see if I can bring some life to it," he said. "As we grow as a partnership, we can do a lot of great things." James, a pitchman for Sprite, Nike and others, promised to have a commercial presence during the Super Bowl. "I've got a lot of stuff for the Super Bowl, you'll see my face around." ... Sixers guard  Willie Green  missed his second straight game with a sore right knee. ... Iguodala added nine assists. 