WASHINGTON (AP) --  Gilbert Arenas  winced while he walked across the locker room with a bit of a hitch in his step. His surgically repaired left knee was just one of the many things bothering the All-Star guard after the  Washington Wizards ' 94-82 to Orlando on Saturday night, a list that included Arenas' own poor shooting and his team's first 0-3 start since 1992. "It's stiff," Arenas said after the knee slowed him on a 10-point night. "It feels like a 5-pound weight is on it." He said there's a buildup of fluid in the knee, and he might get it drained before the Wizards play next, at New Jersey on Thursday night. Washington figures to use that time off to try to get its offense going, too. Washington led 67-64 entering the fourth quarter of its home opener but shot 5-for-25 the rest of the way. Hedo Turkoglu , meanwhile, scored 13 of his 25 points in the final period -- including one stretch of nine straight Magic points -- to help the visitors improve to 2-1. "I took it over," he said. That's the sort of thing Arenas is used to saying and doing, but after making his first three shots Saturday, he went 2-for-12 the rest of the way. He went 0-for-4 overall on 3-pointers, making him 1-for-17 -- that works out to 6 percent! -- from behind the arc this season. He's at 33 percent on all field goals. "It looked like he was a little gimpy," said Magic guard  Jameer Nelson , who scored 17 points. "He's still Gilbert. You've got to respect him, no matter what." Rashard Lewis  scored all 18 of his points in the first half for Orlando, while  Dwight Howard  finished with 17 points and 15 rebounds. With about 8 minutes left in the game, Howard said, "A couple of my teammates were saying they were tired. I said, 'We've got to fight through this, man. We can't be tired.' We stepped it up from that moment on and just had a good fourth quarter." The Wizards trailed 76-75 with just under 6 minutes left, but then went the next 3 minutes without a point, allowing Orlando to take control. Before the game, "Patience!!!" was written in all capital letters and underlined three times on a grease board in the Wizards' locker room. It was meant to be an instruction for how to play at the offensive end, but it might as well have been a warning for basketball fans in the nation's capital. The local NBA club was known as the Bullets the last time it was off to such a poor start, and that 1992-93 edition wound up 22-60. Not that the Wizards are worried they're headed in that direction. "We're not in a bad way," said Eddie Jordan, last season's Eastern Conference All-Star coach. "We feel good. We'll bounce back." At least there was this shred of good news: Wizards center  Brendan Haywood  tied a career high with 16 rebounds and added 10 points, giving him double-doubles in three consecutive games for the first time in seven NBA seasons. And this: Washington finally made a 3-pointer, a night after setting an NBA record by going 0-for-16 from beyond the arc in a loss to the  Boston Celtics . The Wizards also missed their last four 3-point attempts in their season-opening loss to the  Indiana Pacers  on Wednesday, then their first two Saturday. So add it all up, and Washington was in an 0-for-22 drought on 3s until reserve guard  Roger Mason  Jr. made one with 7.6 seconds left in the first quarter. That actually started a new streak: The Wizards made four 3-pointers in a row, two each by Mason and  Antawn Jamison . After Jamison's first 3 put the hosts ahead 24-19 early in the second quarter, the Magic called timeout, and first-year coach Stan Van Gundy stood and screamed throughout the break while surrounded by a circle of players. The Wizards then returned to their wayward ways on long shots, clanging their next four, winding up 6-for-23 on 3s. "When you're on the road against a playoff-caliber team, and you're down going into the fourth and can dig back and get a double-figure victory, that's a great way to start your road season," Van Gundy said. "I think our guys showed some toughness." Game notes  Washington G  Antonio Daniels  left in the second quarter after he got hit in the nose and was bleeding. He returned in the second half. ... Wizards F  Oleksiy Pecherov  (broken right ankle) will be sidelined six weeks. 