INDIANAPOLIS --  Ray Allen  has been scoring plenty of points. On Wednesday night, they finally added up to a win on the road. 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 
Andre Brown hit the game-winning basket with 23 seconds left in the fourth quarter in Seattle's win in Indiana. Brown is the fourth rookie this season to hit the game-winning field goal in the final 30 seconds of a game. Rudy Gay did it for Memphis at Boston on Dec. 6; Andrea Bargnani for Toronto at Portland on Dec. 22; and Randy Foye for Minnesota vs. Chicago on Dec. 26.   Elias Says 
 
 
 
 The six-time All-Star had 33 points and nine assists and rookie  Andre Brown  made the go-ahead basket with 23 seconds remaining to give the  Seattle SuperSonics  a 103-102 victory over the  Indiana Pacers . The Sonics snapped a 15-game road losing streak. "I hate losing. I hate losing," said Allen, who has had 29, 29 and 33 points in the three games since he wasn't chosen for the Western Conference All-Star team last week. "Let me just say, I have a lot of people that are very supportive, especially of all of my accomplishments in my career," he said. "I'll just have another shot next year." Allen had 10 points in the fourth quarter, including two straight baskets after the Pacers went ahead 99-92 in the final minutes. Brown scored on a layup, was fouled and hit the free throw to put the Sonics up 101-100 with 54 seconds left. Jamaal Tinsley , who led Indiana with 25 points, then scored on a drive to the basket for the Pacers' final lead seconds later. Brown scored again but missed a free throw, giving the Pacers one more chance to take the lead. Tinsley missed another drive to the hoop, and desperation shots off rebounds by  Danny Granger  and Tinsley were no good as time ran out. "Coming off the bench, you have to be ready when your team calls your number," Brown said. "I'm an aggressive guy. I take pride in that," he said. "I made some key baskets. Once you continue to be aggressive, things fall for you." The Pacers were without All-Star  Jermaine O'Neal , who did not play because of swelling from a bruise on his left knee. "Tough loss," Pacers coach Rick Carlisle said. "We worked so hard to get the lead, then had a string of missed shots. ... The second-chance opportunities killed us. This is one we shouldn't have let get away." Tinsley, allegedly involved in a bar scuffle after Monday night's game against Golden State, would not talk about the fight and received a smattering of boos from the home crowd during introductions. He said he got the shot he wanted at the end. "They challenged the shot, and I just missed it," he said. Teammates  Marquis Daniels  and  Keith McLeod  were also involved in the fight with a bar manager, police said. Chris Wilcox  added 17 points for Seattle. Brown finished with nine points, one off his career high. "Who would have thunk it," Seattle coach Bob Hill said of Brown's play. "I didn't anticipate Andre scoring like he did. I put him in for his defense." Troy Murphy  scored 22 points for the Pacers, his most since he came in a trade with Golden State three weeks ago. "It felt good to get shots up. The guys were looking for me a lot," Murphy said. "We had some missed opportunities and failed to capitalize." Murphy bettered his previous high of 17 in the third quarter, when he hit four 3-pointers that helped the Pacers overcome Seattle's 51-48 halftime lead. His first 3 tied the game for the first time since the middle of the second quarter. His next, on the following possession after a Sonics turnover, gave the Pacers their first lead since late in the opening period. The Pacers stretched their lead to 79-72 after three quarters. Granger, who finished with 18 points, then had the first two baskets of the fourth quarter as the Pacers took their biggest lead of the game. Ike Diogu , who came with Murphy,  Mike Dunleavy  and McLeod in the eight-player trade with Golden State, had nine points and a season-high 10 rebounds. Seattle missed its first five shots and trailed by as many as seven points before Allen made his first field goal late in the opening quarter. A 3-pointer by Allen gave the Sonics their first lead at 23-22 with just over a minute left in the first quarter. Indiana tied the game early in the second period and again midway through the quarter, but Wilcox had 12 points in that period as Seattle began pulling away again. A basket by Wilcox gave the Sonics their biggest lead at 51-43 before the Pacers scored the final five points of the half on a free throw by Diogu and rebound baskets by Tinsley and Diogu. Game notes   Mickael Gelabale , whose season high was 17 points against Minnesota two weeks ago, hit his first five shots and finished with 12 points against the Pacers. ... Seattle had assists on 16 of its 20 first-half baskets. ...  Jeff Foster  started in place of O'Neal and had four points and 12 rebounds. ... Daniels missed his sixth straight game with a sore left knee. ... Allen is averaging 32 points over the past eight games. 