MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) -- Even while shooting 39 percent from the field, the  Toronto Raptors ' 3-point touch was still there. Chris Bosh  had 22 points and 19 rebounds, and the Raptors shot 52 percent outside the arc to beat the  Memphis Grizzlies  95-89 on Wednesday night. "For us to go out there when we shot 39 percent on the road and win against a team that scores like that, is something," Raptors coach  Sam Mitchell  said. "This was as good a win as any when you consider it was a back-to-back, and we won it shooting like that." Jason Kapono  added 14 points, while  Andrea Bargnani  and  Carlos Delfino  scored 13 apiece. Bargnani also had 11 rebounds. Bargnani finished 5-of-16 from the field, while  Jose Calderon , who had 10 points and eight assists, was 4-of-13. The Raptors hit only 25 of their 71 shots inside the arc. "It's no secret we love the 3-point ball," Bosh said. "If we have open shots, we're going to keep shooting, no matter where it is on the court. We have enough 3-point shooters. We just tell our guys: 'Just stay in there. Keep your feet set. Shoot it with confidence, and eventually, it will start falling.' " The Raptors, who were playing without starting point guard  T.J. Ford , their second-leading scorer, snapped a two-game losing streak. Mike Miller  and  Pau Gasol  each had 16 points and 10 rebounds for Memphis, while  Rudy Gay  scored 15 points. The teams were tied entering the fourth. After the Raptors built an early five-point lead in the period, Memphis erased the advantage with nine unanswered points. Memphis led 82-80 with 2:33 left after  Kyle Lowry  hit a free throw. But the Raptors reeled off a 9-0 run for an 89-82 lead, and held on to break a four-game losing streak in Memphis. "Midway through the fourth quarter was where we kind of let up, and they knocked down a lot of shots," Gay said. For the most part, it was a night of airballs from short distances, layups clanking off iron and close-range putbacks coming up short. But Toronto, the second-best 3-point shooting team in the league at 42.9 percent, connected on 11 of 21 attempts. Bargnani was 3-of-4 and Delfino 3-of-5. Meanwhile, Memphis, third in the league in 3-point percentage, missed its first 11 attempts and finished 5t 5-of-24. "It was not a pretty game," Memphis coach Marc Iavaroni said. "Once again, we did not make the little things happen." Both teams struggled from the floor in the first half before the Raptors carried a 46-44 lead into the break. Bosh scored 12 points for Toronto. Miller registered the same amount for Memphis. Despite shooting 25 percent in the first quarter, Toronto was still close. Bargnani missed his first six shots and Bosh connected on only two of his initial eight attempts. Both teams stayed below 38 percent shooting in the half. While the Raptors shot poorly, they were protecting the ball, committing their only two turnovers in the first half. The second half was slightly better from a shooting standpoint. Bargnani had eight points in the third quarter, but neither team could pull away, and they entered the fourth tied at 68. Game notes  Mitchell won his 113th game as Raptors coach, tying him with Lenny Wilkens for the franchise record. ... Despite the win, Toronto is one of only three teams over which Memphis holds a series advantage. The other two are the Clippers and  Charlotte Bobcats . ... Ford sat out with an "arm stinger" sustained in the third quarter of Tuesday's game against Dallas. Ford took a knee to the chest as he tried to draw a charge. ... Memphis C  Darko Milicic  missed his third game because of a sprained left thumb. Meanwhile, rookie G  Mike Conley  missed his second game with a right shoulder injury. Iavaroni said after medical experts evaluated the tear in the posterior labral, it was determined surgery, which could have ended Conley's season, was not necessary. ... Bosh already had his sixth double-double of the season by the 4-minute mark of the second quarter. ...  Stromile Swift  was called for a flagrant foul in the first quarter when he tried to block  Jamario Moon 's breakaway layup, and Moon landed hard under the Raptors' basket. 