CHICAGO (AP) --  Leandro Barbosa  couldn't remember making a shot
like this -- not in the NBA, anyway. But he took the pass from  Boris Diaw , buried the 3-pointer with
1.5 seconds left and the  Phoenix Suns  pulled out a 97-96 victory
over the  Chicago Bulls  on Tuesday night.
 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Gordon Ben Gordon scored 41 points in the Bulls' loss, six days after scoring 40 points against the Heat. What's the big deal, you wonder? Gordon didn't start either game. Over the last 30 seasons, only one other player, Brian Winters, recorded at least two 40-point games off the bench over his entire career. Gordon has done it twice in a week.  
 For more Elias Says,  Click here .
 
 
 "They [showed] a lot of confidence in me; this was my biggest
shot since playing for Brazil," said Barbosa, a member of the
Brazilian national team since 2002. Ben Gordon  gave the Bulls a 96-94 lead when he hit two free
throws with 5.2 seconds left. The Suns decided to go for the win,
and after a timeout, Diaw caught the inbound pass near the right
block.  Steve Nash  set a pick on Gordon and Barbosa caught Diaw's
pass near the top of the key and buried the winning shot. "He went under the pick, so I had space to jump and shoot,"
Barbosa said. It was a costly mistake by the Bulls. "It was as simple as it gets," Chicago coach Scott Skiles
said. "It relies on us falling for it and we did. We went inside
the 3-point line instead of staying outside. We hustled back out,
and they hit a good shot. It's a mistake we can't make right
there." Gordon said Barbosa deserves credit for making the basket. "I went out and challenged him, but he made a hell of a shot,"
Gordon said. It was a bitter ending for the Bulls, who got a career-high 41
points from Gordon and led by as many as 16 in the first half.
Chicago, which had won 16 of 19 and had a chance to move into the
Eastern Conference lead, was ahead by 10 going into the fourth
quarter. It was down to one -- 84-83 -- after Barbosa hit two foul shots
with 3:33 left. Gordon, who scored the Bulls' final 12 points, made
it 92-87 on a pair of free throws with 1:37 remaining. But Amare
Stoudemire's basket and Diaw's 3-pointer tied it with 1:07 left. Gordon then hit a jumper, but Stoudemire tied it again on a
tip-in with 21.5 seconds left. Gordon got fouled by Nash on a
jumper and hit both free throws before Barbosa answered. "Yes, they are that good," Gordon said. "They're not 22-8 for
no reason. They are a dynamic offensive team, and they just showed
you what they can do in pressure situations." Gordon missed a long 3-pointer at the buzzer -- one that Barbosa
tipped. Barbosa finished with 20 points, while Stoudemire led the Suns
with 24 points and 18 rebounds.  Shawn Marion  scored 22. Nash had 11
points and 13 assists. "This was a tough fight for us," Stoudemire said. "The Bulls
came out and played great basketball." Gordon, who scored 40 against Miami on Dec. 27, was 13-of-25
from the field and 13-for-14 from the foul line. It was his ninth
consecutive game with at least 20. Luol Deng  had another impressive outing, finishing with 19
points and eight rebounds after scoring a career-high 32 in
Saturday's 103-96 win over Cleveland. He is averaging 25.3 points
in three games since spraining his right wrist on a flagrant foul
by Miami's  James Posey . The Bulls were 14-2 at home entering Tuesday's game, but the
Suns figured to be their toughest test -- especially with Kirk
Hinrich nursing a strained groin for the second straight game. And,
after a rough first half, the Suns lived up to that billing. Tuesday's game was the first with the old leather ball, and
early on, the Suns looked like a team that might lobby to bring
back the composite one the NBA used the first two months. Phoenix
was 7-of-22 in the first quarter -- 0-for-5 on 3-pointers -- and hit
36-of-87 overall. "This was a really difficult game for us," Nash said. "You
have to give them a lot of credit. But we hung in there mentally.
All of us were a little sloppy tonight." The Bulls got going early, hitting 12 of 22 in the first quarter
and building a 27-18 lead, and were 37-of-77 for the game. Gordon,
making a case for his second NBA sixth man award, scored six in the
period and 17 in the half. "Obviously, we were lucky to win this one," Phoenix coach Mike
D'Antoni said. "Our defense was good, and that's what helped,
since we didn't shoot the ball good. In the second half, our guys
got in defensively to them. That and [Barbosa's] big 3 at the end
were the difference." Game notes Phoenix has won five straight against the Bulls. ... Rookie
 Thabo Sefolosha  started for Hinrich, who remains day-to-day, and
finished with seven points, five rebounds, three assists and four
turnovers. ... Phoenix's 18 points in the opening quarter and 43 in
the first half tied season-lows. 