PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) --  Brandon Roy  looked every bit the All-Star Friday night. Roy had 20 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists a night after being picked for his first All-Star Game, and the  Portland Trail Blazers  beat the  New York Knicks  94-88 in overtime Friday night. It was Roy's first career triple-double.  Steve Blake  added 18 points and  LaMarcus Aldridge  had 17 points and eight rebounds for Portland, which is 19-5 at the Rose Garden this season. "We were dead in the water ... and we were able to mount another unbelievable comeback," Roy said. "It's a special season." Zach Randolph  led the Knicks with 25 points and 13 rebounds in his first game in Portland after being traded to New York in June. Nate Robinson  added 17 points,  David Lee  had 14 points and 15 rebounds, and  Jamal Crawford  had 13 points on 6-for-27 shooting for the Knicks, who lost their fourth straight on a five-game road trip that ends Saturday in Seattle. "We couldn't make a shot," New York coach Isiah Thomas said. "We just went cold." Travis Outlaw  tied the game with a step-back 20-footer with 5.6 seconds left in the fourth quarter and Crawford missed a 3 from the top of the key to send the game into overtime. Outlaw, who had 13 points, put Portland on top 86-85, going past Lee for a dunk, and  Jarrett Jack  drove for a layup with 46.3 seconds left that gave the Blazers a three-point lead. Robinson scored quickly on a runner for the Knicks, but Roy tipped in his own miss for Portland. Jack and Roy hit two free throws for the Blazers. "Offensively we were ragged and we needed our guards, Steve, Brandon and Jarrett to do our scoring," Blazer coach Nate McMillan said. The Knicks were playing short-handed when  Quentin Richardson  and  Eddy Curry , suffering from flu-like symptoms, were scratched before the game, joining  Stephon Marbury  (ankle) on the inactive list. Randolph started despite arriving just an hour before the game. Fans in the sold-out Rose Garden booed Randolph and Thomas during introductions, cheered Portland native and former Blazer  Fred Jones  and roared for Roy, who is Portland's first All-Star since  Rasheed Wallace  in 2001. Roy, who will also play in the All-Star weekend's rookie game, was selected as a reserve guard for the Western Conference team, earning the honor over the likes of Golden State's  Baron Davis  and Utah's  Deron Williams . Randolph led the Blazers in scoring and rebounding three of the past four seasons, but they parted with him,  Dan Dickau  and Jones in a draft day trade for  Channing Frye  and  Steve Francis , in an effort to make room for Aldridge and No. 1 pick  Greg Oden . The move has appeared to be addition by subtraction for Portland, which has jelled around a nucleus that includes leading scorer Roy and leading rebounder Aldridge and entered the contest just 1 1/2 games back in the Northwest Division. Randolph, who bested his season averages of 17.2 points and 10.4 rebounds, said he was surprised by the boos but "they made me play harder." He was disappointed to leave Portland with a loss. "I would have liked to win this game tonight," he said. "I like to win all of them but this game would have been special. ... I feel we had this game. It slipped away." Thomas canceled practice Thursday to give his weary team a rest. But the Knicks didn't look sluggish at all, owning a 55-41 rebound advantage and leading by as many as 15 points. The Blazers hit six of their first seven and led by eight points early, but Robinson gave the Knicks a lift off the bench, scoring 10 in the first quarter. With Portland struggling through a 4-for-21 stretch, the Knicks took a 36-24 lead. Randolph's jumper early in the third gave New York its biggest lead of the game at 57-42, but Portland erased it with a 19-4 run. Roy drove through the key for an unabated dunk to tie it at 61 with 4 1/2 minutes remaining in the third. Game notes  Blazers president Larry Miller took the court at the first timeout, asking fans to recognize Roy and Aldridge, who also will play in the rookie game during All-Star weekend. They did, with a standing ovation. ... Randolph was philosophical about the prospect of getting booed in Portland. "We get booed at home," he told reporters Thursday. "How much worse can it get?" ... Problems with the shot clocks stopped play several times in the game, which was televised on ESPN. In the second quarter, a portable clock was wheeled out on the floor at one end. 