OKLAHOMA CITY --  Scott Brooks  figured his  Oklahoma City Thunder  team had been in enough close games in the fourth quarter to eventually win one. Their time came Wednesday night. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 In winning their fourth game of the season, the Thunder snap a five game losing streak and improve to 3-17 under interim coach Scott Brooks.
 
 Oklahoma City's Kevin Durant is averaging 26.5 ppg in his last 12 games and posted his fifth double-double of the season.
 
 The Thunder franchise had lost five of its last six games against the Warriors before this win.
 
 Golden State has scored at least 100 points in 24 of 34 games.

 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 






 The Thunder pulled away in the third quarter and held on for a 107-100 victory over the  Golden State Warriors . It was only the fourth win of the season for Oklahoma City, which snapped a five-game losing streak. "We've had a lot of fourth-quarter games. When you're put in that situation constantly, you get better," Brooks said. "You find a rhythm. You find a little bit of anger inside your soul and say you're going to keep fighting, we're going to break through. And we've done that." Jeff Green  scored 18 of his 26 points in the second half. Oklahoma City turned 20 Golden State turnovers into 24 points, many coming off of steals. Green pointed to the team's intensity in the second half as the difference in the game. "We came out with a lot of energy," Green said. "We had a lot of second-chance points and we scrapped hard inside. It feels good to close one out, get over the hump and get the win." Kevin Durant  posted his fifth double-double of the season with 25 points, 10 rebounds and six assists, and reserve  Chris Wilcox  had 23 points and nine boards. "It's all about hustle. When we play with that kind of energy on both ends of the court, we're fun to coach," Brooks said. "We have active hands, defensive hands, defensive thoughts and that's what we need to continue to build on. "It's obviously a big win for all of us, fans included. They're sticking with us, which is incredible. I've been around 17, 18 years in the league and you don't see that. Players feel good about that and we all appreciate that." Golden State has now lost 17 of its league-high 21 road games and will be on the road for three of the next four contests, but coach Don Nelson wasn't blaming the schedule for his team's effort against the Thunder. "I am not crying about the schedule and I don't talk that much about it," Nelson said. "There are probably reasons why players don't have the pop some nights and have it other nights. Bottom line is, we had too many guys that didn't have the pop tonight." Kelenna Azubuike  had all of his season-high 24 points in the second half to lead the Warriors.  Stephen Jackson  had 17 points on 5-of-16 shooting and the Warriors were beaten on the boards 45-35. Game notes  Newly signed  Nenad Krstic  was on the bench in street clothes for the Thunder. The former  New Jersey Nets  center, who most recently played in Russia, is not expected to be eligible for competition until next week. Krstic is currently waiting on his green card Ron Adams joined the Thunder as an assistant coach Wednesday night after serving this season as a scout for the  Chicago Bulls . Adams fills the spot vacated by the dismissal of Paul Westhead, who was fired along with former head coach P.J. Carlesimo. ... Thunder F  Nick Collison  did not dress after aggravating a broken left thumb in Monday's loss to Phoenix.  Joe Smith  was also inactive for the second straight game due to a knee problem. 