DALLAS (AP) -- All the Mavericks need from  Jason Kidd  is assists. Especially on nights when his new backup scores 13 points and doesn't miss a shot. While Kidd flirted with a triple-double, the star of Dallas' 116-97 win over the  Indiana Pacers  on Friday night was the guy who played the 15 minutes Kidd sat out --  Tyronn Lue . In only his second game with his new club, Lue went 5-for-5, including a trio of 3-pointers, showing everyone why  Shaquille O'Neal  tried so hard to recruit him to Phoenix. "He understands how to play and he's great in the locker room," Kidd said. "He brings a lot to the table." Kidd had nine points, 12 assists and seven rebounds, and  Dirk Nowitzki  scored 21 points as Dallas won its fourth straight, all at home and all against the weakest teams in the Eastern Conference. The games haven't even been close -- the Mavs have yet to trail and this 19-point win was the first decided by less than 20 points. They have one more softie left Sunday in Miami, then go into a three-game stretch against the Lakers, Celtics and Spurs. "We need everyone playing well because it isn't going to get any easier," Kidd said. Indiana's  Flip Murray  had a season-high 22 points, 20 in the second half, but the Pacers lost for the fourth time in five games. They took themselves out of it by missing 12 of 13 shots when the game was close in the first quarter, then wrecked their comeback hopes by making only one basket the first eight minutes of the third quarter. "I couldn't hit a shot," said Indiana point guard  Travis Diener , who went 0-for-9. "Open shots -- we've got to knock them down and we didn't do it tonight." Kidd didn't take his first shot until throwing up a buzzer-beating prayer at the end of the first quarter. Yet he still managed to set the tone thanks to his dazzling passing. Dallas hit 30 assists for the fourth time in 13 games with Kidd at the helm. In the 53 games without him, the Mavs topped out at 29. "It's contagious,"  Jason Terry  said. "Everyone is looking to make an extra pass, not just settle for jumpers." This also was the third time since Kidd arrived that they've cracked 60 points by halftime. They did so only four times pre-Kidd. All those assists certainly were a factor this time as the Mavs made 61.4 percent of their shots over the first two quarters. "We're doing a good job of moving the ball and attacking," coach  Avery Johnson  said. "No matter who we're playing against, that's what we have to do." Dallas put six players in double figures. Nowitzki and Lue were joined by  Josh Howard  (18),  Jerry Stackhouse  (14), Terry (14) and  Brandon Bass  (13). Lue signed with Dallas earlier this month after being waived by Sacramento; he never played for the Kings after being traded from Atlanta in the  Mike Bibby  deal. Despite repeated phone calls from Shaq -- who he won a title with him in Los Angeles -- Lue picked the Mavs because he liked the role they were offering. After missing his first three games because of a calf problem, he had seven points in his debut Wednesday night. He had that many by halftime this game. Lue went 3-for-3 in a first-half stint, then 2-for-2 in the third quarter. He had 13 points in 12:41 of playing time, then didn't take another shot during garbage time at the end of the fourth quarter. "The transition hasn't been that tough," Lue said. "It's been smooth. I'm getting a lot of help from guys like Jason Kidd and Jason Terry." The Pacers trailed 8-6 when they went on their streak of missed shots. They actually didn't make their first jump shot until there was 1:47 left in the first quarter, as their first four baskets were layups or dunks. Mike Dunleavy  scored 18 for the Pacers.  Troy Murphy  added 14,  Marquis Daniels  12 and  Danny Granger  11. Indiana was down 31-17 when the first quarter ended, but  David Harrison  got a technical foul for saying something after the buzzer, helping Dallas go into the second quarter leading 32-17. Game notes  Harrison's technical came in his second game since being suspended one game for conduct detrimental to the team. ... Stackhouse missed a free throw for the first time since Jan. 2. He hit 36 straight. ... Dallas backup big man  Malik Allen  left in the second quarter with a strained hip and didn't return. ... Johnson said F  Devean George  (back) may be ready to play Sunday, while G  Eddie Jones  (knee) is not expected back for another week. 