PHILADELPHIA -- The  Philadelphia 76ers  expended quite a bit
of energy in overcoming a 26-point deficit in their victory at
Indiana.       Yet they still had plenty of pep one night later.        Thaddeus Young  scored 23 points,  Elton Brand  and  Andre Iguodala 
added 15 apiece, and the 76ers cruised past the struggling Oklahoma
City Thunder, 110-85 on Saturday.       "We got some energy after halftime and built on it," Iguodala
said. "It was a good win for us."        Samuel Dalembert  contributed 13 points and 16 rebounds for the
Sixers, who won their third straight game to even their record at
5-5.       One night after staging a furious rally to win 94-92 at Indiana,
Philadelphia had little trouble dispatching of the Thunder. Young
shot 10-of-15 from the field and all 12 Sixers players scored.       "That's the NBA," Brand said. "Coming off an emotional win
where we expended a lot of energy, we had to play with intensity."        Jeff Green  scored 21 points and  Kevin Durant  added 13 for
Oklahoma City, which fell to 1-9 and dropped its seventh in a row.
Durant, who was the Rookie of the Year last season, shot just
6-of-18.  Russell Westbrook  also had 13 points and  Johan Petro 
grabbed 12 rebounds.       The Thunder are 0-5 on the road after finishing 7-34 last season
for Seattle before relocating. It was their worst loss of the
season, surpassing a 109-92 home defeat against Orlando last
Wednesday.       "We played like a team playing its fifth game in seven
nights," Thunder coach P.J. Carlesimo said. "We dug a hole, then
lost our intensity."       The Sixers went on a 23-8 run in the third quarter and led 69-50
on a tip by Dalembert with 4:36 remaining. Philadelphia's lead
swelled to as many as 27.       "I thought our defense was a major part of it," Sixers coach
Maurice Cheeks said.       Despite pockets of empty seats at the Wachovia Center -
announced attendance was 13,385 - the fans showed their
appreciation as the Sixers continued building their huge lead.       "I thought our ball movement was good," Iguodala said.
"Everyone got involved."       The Sixers led 46-42 at halftime, then got a number of easy
baskets and were never threatened in the second half. Oklahoma City
committed 19 turnovers en route to its ninth loss in 10 games.       "There's been too many of those nights this year, about nine of
them," Thunder forward  Nick Collison  said. Notes 
Iguodala had a spectacular one-handed dunk early in the
third quarter. Green hit a 3-pointer just before the first quarter
buzzer. Thunder F  Chris Wilcox  was inactive with a sprained right
knee. Dalembert registered his third double-double. Philadelphia F
 Reggie Evans  left with a sprained left thumb and did not return in
the second half.
 