MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) -- With some of the NBA's top rookies on the floor, it was a guy holding on by a 10-day contract who had a coming-out party for the  Memphis Grizzlies . Bobby Jones , who signed with Memphis on Jan. 10, had 20 points and 13 rebounds as the Grizzlies sent the  Seattle SuperSonics  to their ninth straight loss, 124-100 on Friday night. "I had a good game. I'm not going to lie," Jones said. "I'm not trying to get excited, but I had a good game." Pau Gasol  had 24 points and 12 rebounds, and  Mike Miller  added 25 points for Memphis, which snapped a five-game skid. Seattle had not lost nine straight since early in the 1972-73 season, and the franchise record for consecutive losses in a single season is 10. The game featured three of the league's top rookies: Seattle's  Kevin Durant , the second pick overall last year, Memphis guard  Mike Conley , the fourth pick, and Grizzlies sharpshooter  Juan Carlos Navarro , the league's second-leading scorer among rookies and the top 3-point shooter of the first-year players. Navarro added 21 points. Conley finished with seven points and eight assists. Gasol had four blocks and connected on 11 of 19 shots as Memphis shot 52 percent on the night. Durant led Seattle with 22 points, but shot only 8-of-18.  Wally Szczerbiak  added 19 points, while  Chris Wilcox  finished with 13 and  Nick Collison  had 12. Memphis put away the game with a 25-5 run spanning the second and third quarters. Memphis extended the advantage to as many as 33 in the second half. Most of the Memphis regulars sat out the fourth quarter after the Grizzlies held a 30-point lead at the end of three. "I thought we got outworked early. For the first two quarters, certainly," Seattle coach P.J. Carlesimo said. "A couple of times we did a couple of good things. But all of a sudden, we got a stop, and they got an offensive rebound." Jones did not know he was going to start until minutes before the game after Memphis determined leading scorer  Rudy Gay  would be inactive because of flu-like symptoms. The Grizzlies wanted to start  Casey Jacobsen  in Gay's place, but Jacobsen, who has been on the inactive list for three of the last four games, already had been placed on that list again and couldn't be removed. That opened the door for Jones, the second-year player out of Washington, who played last year in Philadelphia and began this season with the  Denver Nuggets . "Anybody who comes in and gets 13 rebounds, 20 points and seven assists is showing that he is not just flying around," Memphis coach Marc Iavaroni said. "He is showing that he has skills. The energy was there. He used his defensive energy to get him going offensively." Memphis shot 13-of-26 on 3-pointers, with Miller going 6-of-9. Seattle shot only 21 percent from 3-point range. The Grizzlies scored the last 11 points of the first half and led 68-47 at the break. Gasol had 18 points and Miller added 14 in Memphis' highest-scoring first half of the season. "When you're on the road, you've got to be ready to play right away, or else teams are going to put you away early," Szczerbiak said. "I think that's the recipe against us. Teams are getting big leads early, and we can't really come back on them." The Sonics shot 38 percent in the half, compared to 56 percent for Memphis. Seattle's woes continued after halftime as Memphis continued to extend the lead even as Durant scored 12 in the third period. The blowout was a welcome change for Memphis, which is 1-9 in games decided by three points or less and has lost all three overtime games this season. "It can't just be a one-game blowout and then lose four close ones," Gasol said. "It doesn't work that way. So, we've got to be confident in every game that we play. We've got to play hard together as we did today and come up with wins." Jones would like to be a part of that and hopes his performance Friday helps Memphis make a decision to sign him. "I would hope so, but, at the same time, I don't expect anything," Jones said. "I've just got to continue to do what I do -- be a professional, and show the team that I'm worth keeping." Game notes  Gay's absence means that Miller is the only Memphis player to start all 38 games. ... Friday is the only day of the week the Sonics have a winning record. They are now 5-4 on Fridays. ... Jones registered career highs in points, rebounds and assists. ... Memphis (11-28) has defeated Seattle three times this season. ... Seattle's longest losing streak in franchise history is 12 games spanning that 1969-70 and 1970-71 seasons. Their longest skid in a single season is 10 during December, 1968. 