LOS ANGELES (AP) -- In a span of just five nights, the  Los Angeles Clippers  got the better of  Steve Nash  and  Jason Kidd  -- the top two point guards in the NBA -- and sent them out of Staples Center on the losing end. Corey Maggette  scored 31 points and rookie  Al Thornton  added 15 of his 22 in the fourth quarter and overtime, leading the Los Angeles Clippers to a 120-107 victory over the  New Jersey Nets  on Saturday night.  Chris Kaman  had 12 rebounds and a career-high nine blocked shots. "We had some really nice performances tonight," coach Mike Dunleavy said. "Obviously, Al Thornton gave us a huge lift off the bench when  Tim Thomas  got into foul trouble. Al is a player with a lot of offensive talent. What it comes down to for him is that he needs to find that comfort zone and confidence." Sam Cassell  scored 22 points and reserve  Cuttino Mobley  had 19, leading Los Angeles to only its third victory in 14 games. The Clippers beat New Jersey at home for the fourth straight time, including a 102-101 squeaker last season that was decided by Mobley's 3-pointer with 0.6 seconds on the clock. Richard Jefferson  scored 21 points,  Vince Carter  had 20 and  Marcus Williams  added 17 off the bench for the Nets, who have lost four straight and five of six following a season-best five-game winning streak. Josh Boone  had 17 points and 16 rebounds, while Kidd finished with 11 assists, 10 points and seven boards in the opener of New Jersey's six-game road trip. The Clippers, who came in averaging a league-worst 92.6 points, outscored New Jersey 19-6 in overtime and sewed it up by going 8-for-8 from the free throw line in the final 1:08. The Nets were 1-for-8 from the field in the extra 5-minute session and shot 41 percent overall. "They executed very well and played really well on defense," Boone said. "That's what it came down to once we got to overtime. They were able to play defense and get the win." Thornton, the Clippers' first-round draft pick, made a running bank shot from 30 feet at the right sideline to beat the third-quarter buzzer and slice New Jersey's lead to 72-71. The lead changed hands seven times in the fourth before Carter drove the left baseline for a reverse layup with extra hang time. It put the Nets ahead 86-85 with 5:48 left in the fourth quarter. Williams buried a 3-pointer 41 seconds later and Jefferson added a pair of three throws for a 91-85 margin with 4:44 remaining -- the first time either team led by more than five points in the second half. Mobley's 3-pointer cut New Jersey's lead to 96-94 with 2:30 to go in regulation, and the Clippers pulled ahead 98-96 on Maggette's layup and Thornton's two free throws with 1:25 left. "Thornton changed the game for them with his post-ups and his ability to score and get fouled," Nets coach Lawrence Frank said. "Maggette was huge with his 31 points. When you look at it, that is a team that averages 92 points. But our inability to get stops when we needed to prevented us from getting the win." Maggette added a 3-pointer after Boone missed a reverse layup at the other end, giving Los Angeles a five-point cushion with 45 seconds left in the fourth. Jefferson kept the Nets close with a dunk, then Cassell missed a 20-footer at the other end with 14 seconds on the clock, and Kidd tied it 101-all on a 3-pointer from in front of the New Jersey bench to force OT. "They hit those three shots at the end of regulation, but we put it to them in overtime," Kaman said. Game notes  Williams, the fourth player off the New Jersey bench, had a team-high nine points in the first half. ... About 2 minutes into the game, Kaman blocked a dunk attempt by  Sean Williams  -- who returned the favor less than 2  minutes later by rejecting Kaman's short baseline hook shot. ... The Clippers had just seven turnovers. They didn't commit their first one until Maggette threw an attempted crosscourt pass right into Jefferson's hands with 5:09 left in the first half. ... The Nets play at Phoenix on Sunday in the only game on the NBA slate. These are New Jersey's first road games on back-to-back nights this season. They'll do it again Thursday and Friday nights at Golden State and Denver. ... This is the first time the Clippers have won both meetings against New Jersey since 1997-98. They beat the Nets 91-82 on Dec. 11 at the Meadowlands despite Kidd's triple-double. ... Kidd is averaging 11.4 points, 10.7 assists and 8.6 rebounds. The only players who have averaged at least 11 points, 10 boards and eight rebounds for an entire season were Oscar Robertson and Magic Johnson. 