SALT LAKE CITY (AP) --  Deron Williams  was too modest to say he felt snubbed when he wasn't selected for the All-Star team last week. Williams' teammates and 19,900  Utah Jazz  fans were much less shy about it. King of the Hill If the NBA only consisted of the Hornets and the Jazz, maybe Utah made the better pick by taking Deron Williams over Chris Paul. Williams has led the Jazz to a 7-1 record against the Hornets since joining the team. Paul Williams 
 Wins 1 7 
 PPG 13.8 17.4 
 FG Pct. 37.9 57.3 
 APG 8.1 6.1 
 Williams had 29 points and 11 assists while leading the Jazz to a 110-88 win over the  New Orleans Hornets  on Monday night that extended their winning streak to nine games. "He came out tonight to send a message and I think that message got sent across," said  Carlos Boozer , who had 19 points and 17 rebounds for the Jazz and is going to the All-Star Game in New Orleans. Williams had his eighth straight double-double and hit three 3-pointers as the Jazz set a team record by making 14 from beyond the arc. He finished 11-for-13 from the floor, but his defense was just as big as the Jazz turned the meeting of division leaders into a rout. Williams got Hornets guard  Chris Paul  -- selected for the All-Star Game last week while Williams was not -- into early foul trouble and held him to just six points and six assists. Williams said it was nothing personal against Paul. "I look at it the same way I do anybody else," Williams said. "It was definitely a big game for us -- just because of their record." The Jazz improved to 31-18 and are closing in on the Western Conference leaders, including the Hornets (32-15). New Orleans lost its third straight and has to play at Phoenix on Wednesday. "The bottom line in the last couple of games is teams are playing harder than we are," Hornets coach Byron Scott said. "They beat us up a little bit -- just played a lot better than we did." Jannero Pargo  led the Hornets with 24 points.  Peja Stojakovic  and  David West  scored 12 apiece and  Tyson Chandler  had 11 rebounds and three blocks. The Hornets also had 19 turnovers, five coming from Paul, to Utah's 10. The Jazz passed on Paul for Williams with the No. 3 pick in the 2005 draft. Paul went to the Hornets with the next pick and the two point guards have been compared ever since. Williams definitely had the better game Monday. He scored 12 in the third quarter as the Jazz stretched an 11-point lead to as much as 22. "People are going to compare them as long as they're in the league," Utah coach Jerry Sloan said. "There's nothing you can do about that. But we're looking for him to be Deron Williams." Williams was cheered with the chant "All-Star" from Jazz fans, especially after some impressive plays during the third quarter. On one, he dribbled around Paul at the top of the key, then leaped around the 7-foot-1 Chandler for a dunk to put Utah up 59-41 with 9:34 left in the period. Williams added a 3-pointer about a minute later to push Utah's lead to 64-44 and got Paul to commit his fifth foul with 6:43 left in the period. "Utah just did a great job," Paul said. "They run their offense. They do what they want to do. We couldn't stop them." Kyle Korver , who scored 20 points for the Jazz, opened the third with four straight 3-pointers during a 15-4 run. He tied the franchise record at 13 with a 3 with 4:36 left in the game, then Okur broke it with another with 2:25 remaining. The Jazz starters went to the bench shortly after that and received a standing ovation. Game notes  Utah F  Andrei Kirilenko  missed the game with flu symptoms. ... The Jazz were 14-for-22 from both 3-point range and the foul line. ... Paul was booed all night, until the fans cheered when he missed a free throw on a technical foul in the third quarter. ... Utah's previous record for 3-pointers was 13 against Denver on Dec. 7, 1995. 