MEMPHIS, Tenn. --  Kobe Bryant  rescued the  Los Angeles Lakers  from a third straight loss. Bryant scored 36 points and keyed a late rally to help the Los Angeles Lakers snap a two-game losing streak with a 105-96 victory over the  Memphis Grizzlies  on Monday night. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Kobe Bryant has scored 20 or more points in 24 of 26 games this season.
 
 The Lakers are 8-5 when Bryant attempts more than 20 shots.  They are 14-0 when he attempts less than 20 shots.
 
 Memphis is 1-7 vs. Southwest Division opponents this season.
 
 Grizzlies forward Rudy Gay has more than 20 points in five of his last seven games.

 
 The Lakers are 43-10 with Pau Gasol in the lineup. 

 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 
 
The Lakers trailed by 93-88 with 3:08 left, but closed the game on a 17-3 run, including 10 points from Bryant to overtake the Grizzlies down the stretch. His breakaway dunk as the horn sounded put an exclamation point on the Lakers' win. "We know what we want to do," Bryant said of the Lakers' late play against the young Grizzlies. "For a young team, they are still kind of searching for what that identity is going to be. "For us, we've been there, done that. So, it's just a matter of how well we executed." Bryant was 14-of-23 from the field, part of Los Angeles shooting 54 percent on the night. "Obviously, Kobe hit a big shot, and we never really responded to that," said  Rudy Gay , who led Memphis with 23 points. "I think we took a stride, but then again, you can't be happy with a loss." Pau Gasol  had 15 points, seven rebounds and had six assists in his return to Memphis. Gasol played six-plus seasons with the Grizzlies before being traded to Los Angeles in February. Part of the trade included his brother, Marc, going to the Grizzlies. "Somebody had to lose tonight, right?" Gasol said. "I'm happy we came out victorious because we needed this win extremely bad to continue to pursue our goals. But I'm sorry that on the losing end were the Grizzlies and my brother." Gasol is the Grizzlies franchise leader in 12 statistical categories, including points, rebounds and blocks, and the only All-Star in Grizzlies history (2006). 
 
 
 
 Brotherly Love 
 
 Pau Gasol faced his former team and his brother, Marc, for the first time. Since 2000, only two other pairs of brothers have started against each other in the NBA. 
 
 
 
 
 Comparing the Gasols' nights 
 
 
 Pau 
 Marc 
 
 
 Points 
 15 
 8 
 
 
 FGM-A 
 6-10 
 2-7 
 
 
 Rebounds 
 7 
 7 
 
 
 Assists 
 6 
 2 
 
 
 Minutes 
 34 
 32 
 

 
 
 
 He was met with a mixture of cheers and boos in the pregame introductions. Later, when the Grizzlies presented a video tribute during a timeout, the boos were louder. Rudy Gay led Memphis with 23 points, while  O.J. Mayo  scored 22 and had six assists. Andrew Bynum  had 13 points and  Lamar Odom  finished with 12. The game was close throughout without either team building a lead of more than eight through the first three quarters. The Lakers had lost their last two games on the road -- at Miami and Orlando -- by a total of five points. "We battled for three and a half quarters," Memphis coach Marc Iavaroni. "Unfortunately, 3 1/2 quarters isn't enough to beat the Lakers. We didn't play very well down the stretch." Memphis led 57-49 at the half and couldn't pull away in the third quarter. The two teams got testy as  Marc Gasol  and Bryant drew technicals. Odom would also draw one for arguing a no-call later in the half. The two teams exchanged leads late in the third period before Memphis carried an 80-77 lead into the fourth quarter. Game notes  Monday was the final game of a season-long five-game homestand for the Grizzlies. After winning the first two, Memphis lost three straight. ... Earlier in the day, the Lakers announced that a pair of doctors had confirmed  Jordan Farmar  suffered a torn lateral meniscus and will need surgery. He could be sidelined for eight weeks. 