TORONTO (AP) -- Even  Chris Bosh  has a bad game every once in a while. It's just not likely to happen twice against the same team. Bosh, who scored one point the last time Toronto played Milwaukee, had 32 points Friday night to lead the Raptors to a 106-75 victory over the Bucks. Carlos Delfino  added 18 points and the Raptors broke the game open with a 19-0 run in the third quarter. Asked about Bosh before the game, Bucks coach Larry Krystowiak said the Toronto forward's combination of size and quickness is "not ordinary." After watching Bosh score more than 30 points for the fifth time in eight games, Krystowiak said Bosh's game is close to flawless. "He's established that he can hit [the perimeter jump shot] regularly," Krystowiak said. "There's really no weakness. He gets to the free-throw line, he makes a high-percentage of those. And, from a big-man's perspective, he's got about as quick a first step as you'll see. It's a real potent combination that for us was lethal." Bosh's season-low, one-point outing came in a 112-85 loss at Milwaukee on Nov. 6. He said he wasn't out for revenge or redemption. "I didn't want to get too caught up in that because I would have been forcing stuff and shooting bad shots," Bosh said. "I didn't want to do that tonight." Milwaukee guard  Michael Redd  wasn't surprised by Bosh's performance. "They probably had this game circled on their calendar after what we did to them in Milwaukee," Redd said. "There's no doubt about it." Anthony Parker  and  Andrea Bargnani  each had 13 and  Jose Calderon  added 11 points and 12 assists for Toronto, which has won seven of nine. Toronto extended its home winning streak to a season-high five games. "That was a topic of discussion in the first half of the season," Bosh said. "We weren't really taking advantage of our home court. We need to do that now." Calderon has played extensive minutes as a starter since  T.J. Ford  suffered a left arm stinger on Dec. 11, and said he can now tell simply by making eye-contact where to give his teammates the ball. "It's easy to play that way when you just have to look at somebody and you know what he wants," Calderon said. Calderon had more assists than the Bucks, who finished with 11. Redd and  Charlie Villanueva  each scored 12 for the Bucks, who have lost four of five.  Royal Ivey  added 10 for Milwaukee. Leading 57-51, the Raptors broke the game open late in the third with a 19-0 run, their biggest of the season. Milwaukee called time-out at 3:43 after back-to-back baskets from Bosh and a breakaway layup by  Jamario Moon  gave the Raptors a 63-51 edge. But the stoppage did nothing to slow the Raptors, who added 13 more before a pair of free throws from Ivey with 26 seconds left in the quarter. The points were Milwaukee's first in 5:05. "The last five minutes of the third quarter we lost any kind of momentum at all," Krystowiak said. Villanueva said the Bucks made it hard on themselves by failing to execute their offense as the run dragged on. "Instead of us coming together, we just went apart from each other," Villanueva said. "You don't win ballgames like that." A 3-pointer by Calderon with less than a second to play in the third gave Toronto a 79-53 lead heading into the final quarter. Milwaukee made only three of 13 shots in the third. "When you only give up three field goals in a quarter, you are going to win a lot of basketball games," Raptors coach  Sam Mitchell  said. Toronto led 47-42 at the half. Game notes  Toronto's previous best was an 18-0 run on Nov. 2 at New Jersey. ... Milwaukee is 5-20 on the road. ... The Bucks finished 3-for-23 (13 per cent) from 3-point range. ... Former Buffalo Bills running back Thurman Thomas and Toronto Maple Leafs defenseman Wade Belak attended the game. 