INDIANAPOLIS --  Raymond Felton  made sure the  Charlotte Bobcats  earned their first road victory of the season. Felton tied a career high with 31 points, including 11 in the fourth quarter and overtime, and the Bobcats beat the  Indiana Pacers  115-108 on Friday night. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Friday was the fifth time this season the Pacers have scored 100 or more points and lost.
 
 Emeka Okafor's 20 rebounds were his most since Feb. 13 against Atlanta when he had 21.
 
 Danny Granger had his fourth 30-point game of the season. He had seven all of last season.
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 
 Charlotte (5-10) had lost its first four road games under new coach Larry Brown. "It's important for us to get any kind of win," Brown said. "A win on the road, though, is really important." Felton, who finished 11-of-21 from the field and added seven assists, has seen the Bobcats improve every game under Brown. "We're getting better, I can say that," Felton said. "We're getting better with the system, what coach wants us to do. I think we're going to be all right. "We beat a good team tonight at home, so it shows we're getting better. It takes some time to get used to a system and a new coach, but we have a lot of talent here." The Bobcats scored the first seven points of overtime, including consecutive 3-pointers by Felton and rookie  D.J. Augustin . Indiana cut the deficit to 108-105 on  T.J. Ford 's two free throws with 47 seconds left, but Felton's jumper pushed the lead back to five. "Raymond won that game for us tonight," said Charlotte guard  Jason Richardson , who added 21 points in his first game back from knee surgery. "He got the game ball." Augustin had 17 points,  Gerald Wallace  added 16 points and 11 rebounds, and  Emeka Okafor  finished with 14 points and 20 rebounds for the Bobcats, who won for just the second time in their past seven games. "This could be a great springboard for us," Richardson said. "We've been playing good, but the end results haven't been wins. It's good to finally get one." Danny Granger  scored a season-high 35 points, and  Marquis Daniels  and Ford each had 20 for the Pacers (6-9), who lost their third home game by seven points or less. "We must put this behind us and string some [victories] together," Daniels said. "This is no fun." After trailing by as many as 14 points in the first half and 93-90 with 5 minutes left in the fourth quarter, the Pacers took a 97-95 lead on  Troy Murphy 's 3-pointer with 39 seconds remaining in regulation. Charlotte tied it at 97 on Okafor's layup, and following baskets by both teams, the Pacers had a chance to win in the closing seconds, but Granger's jumper over a leaping Okafor was no good. "That's exactly what we wanted," Pacers coach Jim O'Brien said. "We got the switch on Okafor and he [Granger] got a good shot. It just didn't go down." The Bobcats took their biggest lead, 37-23, on  Nazr Mohammed 's layup with 8:42 left in the second quarter. Indiana answered with a 17-6 run, capped by Daniels' driving layup, to make it 43-40. The Pacers trailed 53-48 at the half. Indiana tied it three times in the third quarter before taking a 71-70 lead on  Brandon Rush 's 3-pointer with 3 minutes left. Murphy's layup gave the Pacers an 81-75 advantage later in the period. "We dug ourselves a big hole, got out of it ... but once again couldn't close it out," Ford said. Game notes  Richardson started after missing the past seven games. He underwent an exploratory arthroscopic procedure Nov. 12 after suffering from right knee inflammation. ... Pacers G  Mike Dunleavy  (right knee) missed the game and has yet to play this season. ... Brown was coach of the Pacers from 1993-97, finishing with a 190-138 record. Current Indiana assistant Lester Conner played for Brown during the 1993-94 season. ... Granger entered the game eighth in the NBA at 23.2 points per game. 