BOSTON -- The  Boston Celtics  finally got a look at the one that got away. Greg Oden  made his first visit to Boston on Friday night, and the Celtics banged him around and back to the bench with foul trouble before beating the  Portland Trail Blazers  93-78. 
 
 
 
 Deja Vu 
 
 The Celtics look poised to make another championship run. After 21 games, the 2008-09 version has posted eerily similar numbers to last year's title-winning team. Here's a look: 
 
 
 
 
 Celtics Through 21 Games  Last 2 Seasons
 
 
 
 2007-08 
 2008-09 
 
 
 W-L 
 19-2 
 19-2 
 
 
 Home W-L 
 12-0 
 12-1 
 
 
 Road W-L 
 7-2 
 7-1 
 
 
 Longest streak 
 8 
 11 
 
 
 
 
 








 "I think he's just raw right now," Celtics forward  Paul Pierce  said. "He's going to get better. He has a great upside if he just keeps working. ... His only way is up." The NBA's most-decorated franchise was two decades into its championship drought in 2007 when it went into the draft lottery coveting Oden or second-choice  Kevin Durant . The ping pong balls bounced badly and the Celtics wound up with neither, but with their backup plan they acquired  Kevin Garnett  and  Ray Allen  and won their unprecedented 17th title. So there were no regrets in Boston when the Blazers brought Oden and a six-game winning streak to town. "They're the world champions," said Oden, who had just five points and six rebounds in 18 minutes before fouling out with 3:46 left. "We came in here wanting to see where we're at, and we're not there yet." Allen scored 19 points, and  Rajon Rondo  followed his first career triple-double with 16 points, eight rebounds and seven assists as the Celtics cruised to their 11th straight win -- their longest streak since 1985-86. It was the first time the Trail Blazers lost with Oden in the starting lineup since the season opener, when he left scoreless with a sprained right foot after less than 13 minutes. "We have got to get better," Blazers coach  Nate McMillan  said. "This is the type of basketball that you are going to be facing going down the stretch. ... Physical play like this, we've got to be able to mentally and physically play it." Garnett had 14 points and 11 rebounds, and  Kendrick Perkins  had 12 points and 12 rebounds for Boston, which opened a 25-point lead and almost frittered it away after coach  Doc Rivers  began resting his starters late in the third quarter. Asked about the Blazers forcing him to put his starters back in late in the fourth, Rivers said, "We forced us to put our starters back in. ... We had a lot to do with it." LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 13 points for the Blazers. Allen, coming off a 21-point game on Wednesday night, scored 10 in the first quarter. But it wasn't until the end of the second that the rest of the Celtics got going, scoring the last 14 points of the half and the first seven of the third quarter to take a 56-36 lead. They made it 25, 76-51, on  Leon Powe 's basket to start the fourth before Rivers began substituting liberally and Portland cut the deficit to 11 points. Garnett, who left with 2:20 left in the third, came back in with three other starters with 6:04 left in the fourth and settled things with a couple of big dunks; he also drew Oden's sixth foul. Game notes  The Celtics will present  James Posey  with his championship ring when he comes to town with the  New Orleans Hornets  on Friday night. ... Celtics G  Tony Allen  missed his second straight game with a sprained right ankle. ... Portland had four technical fouls, three of them illegal defenses. ... Paul Pierce is shooting 29-for-76 (38 percent) in his last six games. 