TORONTO (AP) -- Still reeling from news that  Jason Kidd  was likely to be traded soon, the rest of the  New Jersey Nets  didn't put up much of a fight against the  Toronto Raptors . Chris Bosh  had 27 points,  Jose Calderon  had 22 points and 12 assists and the Raptors beat the Nets 109-91 in the final game for both teams before the All-Star break. Toronto built a 13-point lead in the first quarter and had the game all but won by halftime, when they led 61-42. "You would think that we were already on vacation in the first half," New Jersey's  Vince Carter  said. Earlier in the day, the Nets seemed on the verge of a blockbuster trade that would send Kidd to Dallas, and the All-Star point guard was not around for this game. But the trade hit a snag when Dallas'  Devean George  blocked it by not wanting to give up his "early Bird rights," a provision earned by being in his second year and on his second contract with the Mavericks. "Right now it is what it is," Carter said. "I'm not a GM. I can't do anything about it or I'd have tried to block it already." Life without Kidd did not look pretty for the Nets, who never led and trailed by as many as 30. "It's been a very emotional day," Nets coach Lawrence Frank said. "It was hard. I wish we had competed a lot harder but you've got to give Toronto credit. It's been a crazy day." It's the second time this season the Raptors have won big against the Nets, the team that eliminated them in the first round of last season's playoffs. Toronto posted a 106-69 win at New Jersey on Nov. 2, its largest margin of victory this season. With Kidd,  Malik Allen  and  Antoine Wright  all inactive and center  Jamaal Magloire  at home in New Jersey, the Nets had just nine players available. "From my knowledge [the trade] still hasn't gone through," Frank said. "We held those guys out on the assumption that it would." Short-staffed and subdued, the Nets were out of this one quickly, missing five of their first six shots and calling timeout after falling behind 9-2 at 8:16 of the first. Behind 10 points from Bosh, Toronto opened a 30-17 lead after 12 minutes. The Nets rallied in the second, cutting the deficit to 40-32 at 6:26, but the Raptors responded by closing the half with a 21-9 spurt, sparked by back-to-back steals and layups from Calderon. Carter was called for a technical after he fouled  Andrea Bargnani  on a 3-pointer with 27 seconds left in the second. Calderon made the technical free throw and Bargnani drained all three of his before Calderon's 3-pointer with one-tenth of a second left sent Toronto into the locker room with a 62-41 lead. Richard Jefferson  struggled with his shooting in the opening half, going 2-for-12. He and Carter finished with 15 each. "I've got to get into some kind of rhythm in the first half and I really haven't," Jefferson said. "That's going to be something for me to focus on in the second half of the season. I'm not doing that and it's not helping my teammates me having little impact in the first half." With the Raptors running away with it in the third, Toronto rookie  Jamario Moon  used the opportunity to warm up for his appearance in Saturday night's dunk contest, finishing off two alley-oop passes from Calderon, then racing in for a stylish break-away slam, cradling the ball before throwing it down. "I'd give that one a six," Bosh said. "I can do that." Moon's response: "A six? They give you sixes in the dunk contest if you miss!" Moon finished with 15 points and Bargnani added 14 as Toronto snapped a three-game home losing streak. Darrell Armstrong  and  Stromile Swift  both had 12 for the Nets, whose three-game winning streak came to an end. Toronto was without guard  T.J. Ford  (sprained right wrist). Game notes  Raptors coach  Sam Mitchell  missed his second consecutive game following the death of his father-in-law and was replaced by assistant Jay Triano, who became the first Canadian to coach an NBA team. ... Toronto made 20 of its first 22 free throw attempts and finished 23-for-27 from the line. ... Carter led the Nets with seven assists. 