SALT LAKE CITY (AP) -- Down three starters, the  Utah Jazz  were never worried as  Carlos Boozer  and  Deron Williams  were nearly flawless. Boozer scored 34 and Williams had 32 points to lead the Jazz past the reeling  Los Angeles Clippers , 121-101 on Friday night. "Our team was down a few guys but we were focused, just determined to raise our game a notch," said Boozer. In their quest for the top spot in the Western Conference, the Jazz duo was nearly unstoppable as Utah finished its five-game homestand with a 4-1 mark and has now won 32 of their last 33 against the Clippers in Salt Lake City. Mehmet Okur  and  Ronnie Brewer  did not dress for Friday night's game due to the effects of a stomach virus.  Andrei Kirilenko  was scoreless in nine minutes before leaving with spasms in his right calf. But Williams and Boozer provided all the offensive firepower the Jazz needed and both topped 30 points for the first time in game. "We had to play a lot of mixed-up lineups and groups in there that don't usually play together. It was a tough situation at times but Deron and Carlos showed the way," Utah coach Jerry Sloan said. Corey Maggette  scored 28 points and  Chris Kaman  had 16 points in his second game back from a nine-game absence with back spasms.  Cuttino Mobley  and  Al Thornton  each had 13 points for the Clippers, who have lost 10 in a row and 18 of their last 20 games. "Williams and Boozer were pretty spectacular as far as being able to make shots," Clippers coach  Mike Dunleavy  said. "Williams broke us down off the dribble and made plays while Boozer shot the ball extremely well." Boozer went 16-of-22 from the floor and grabbed 17 rebounds while Williams made 13 of his 15 attempts and passed for 10 assists. The pair put the game away on the first two possessions of the fourth quarter. First, Williams made a driving three-point play and then dished to Boozer for a layup that extended the lead to 95-71. "Deron sees so much out there on the floor and knows the game so well as a young player. It's very unusual," Sloan said. The Jazz struggled to a series of slow starts in recent games, but Utah's stars wouldn't let it happen Friday, even with the unexpected loss of two starters. Williams had 14 points and Boozer added 12 points on a combined 11-of-14 shooting in the opening period. "The shot felt good tonight. I felt I had to score a little more tonight because we had so many guys out," Williams said. The Jazz won their third consecutive game in a four-game stretch against teams with losing records as they jostle for playoff position.  Kyle Korver  scored 18 points and  Paul Millsap  had 13 for Utah, who outscored their opponents 62-32 in the paint. The Clippers, who trailed 31-24 after one quarter despite shooting 64 percent, have lost eight consecutive road games by an average of 14 points. Game notes  Kaman got a technical foul for shouting at the officials on his way to the bench after picking up two quick fouls in the first quarter.  Quinton Ross  missed his third straight game with a sore left foot. LDS Church President Thomas S. Monson, 80, stopped on the way to his seat in the third quarter and said a couple words to a surprised Sloan and the team during a timeout. The Clippers signed former Univ. of Arizona standout  Marcus Williams  from the Austin Toros of the NBADL and released veteran  Aaron Williams . 