AUBURN HILLS, Mich. (AP) -- Inspired by his alma mater,  Jarvis Hayes  figured he was due for a big day, too. "Georgia made to the SEC championship game yesterday, and I'm just riding the wave," Hayes said after scoring 29 points in the  Detroit Pistons ' 105-84 win over New Orleans on Sunday. "I was feeling good all day long." Hayes took over the game in the second quarter, scoring 19 points in a 10-minute span as the Pistons came from behind to take a 55-44 halftime lead. He hit six of seven shots in the period, including going 5-for-6 on 3-pointers. 
 
 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
Jarvis Hayes came off the bench to score 29 points, shooting 7-for-8 on three-pointers, in the Pistons' 105-84 win over the Hornets. Hayes tied the team record for three-point field goals in one game by a sub, set by Allan Houston (7-for-11) in 1995 and tied by Terry Mills (7-for-8) in 1996.
 
 
 Read more  Elias Says 
 
 
 
 "The one thing we wanted to do was make them shoot perimeter jump shots, but boy, they were knocking them down in the first half," New Orleans coach Byron Scott said. "[Hayes] was a big surprise -- a guy we didn't mention a whole lot when we were talking about their team." Hayes finished with a career-best seven 3-pointers and matched his career scoring high.  Chauncey Billups  added 17 points and  Tayshaun Prince  had 13. "I got after Jarvis after the San Antonio game on Friday, because he was passing up open shots," Billups said. "I told him that shooting is what he does -- he's the best shooter on the team, and we need him to let it go. He was awesome today." Hayes normally backs up Prince, but Pistons coach Flip Saunders played them together for long stretches against the Hornets. "We wanted to attack their weak side, and we knew that having Tay and Jarvis out there together was going to give them some matchup problems," Saunders said. Hayes had no doubt that playing with most of the starting lineup, including  Rasheed Wallace  and  Richard Hamilton , helped his cause. "When I'm out there with Sheed and Tayshaun and Rip and Chauncey, there is so much attention being paid to them that I'm going to be able to get open," he said. Hayes only had one regret -- missing the shot that could have gotten him the first 30-point game of his career. "Flip told me that I was only getting one shot for my career high," he said. "I bobbled the pass, but I was getting that ball up there no matter what." The Pistons have won four of five, while the Hornets lost for just the second time in seven games. New Orleans was missing  David West , who sprained his right ankle Friday against the  Los Angeles Lakers . "The basketball IQs on that team are very high," Scott said. "They have the experience and understanding of what it takes to win championships." New Orleans got 21 points from  Peja Stojakovic  and  Chris Paul  added 14 points and 14 assists despite a bad left ankle. "I definitely couldn't attack like I wanted to," Paul said. "But that's no excuse. I felt as long as I was out on the court, I could help our team." The Hornets quieted the early afternoon crowd by scoring the first 11 points, but  Jason Maxiell  brought the fans back into the game with a spectacular block of  Tyson Chandler 's dunk attempt. "There's no question -- that block ignited the team and ignited the crowd," Saunders said. "We really took off after that." Detroit was within 26-21 by the end of the first quarter, then took over the game behind Hayes in the second. The teams played evenly in the third and the Pistons took a 77-66 advantage into the final period. Hayes got going again in the fourth, hitting a short jumper and a 3-pointer on Detroit's first two possessions. The Pistons led by as many as 24 down the stretch. Game notes  The Pistons' backups had 29 points in the first half compared to six for New Orleans' reserves. ... Lions wide receiver Calvin Johnson sat courtside. ... The Pistons trailed by 15 in the first quarter before rallying to beat the Hornets 91-76 in New Orleans on Dec. 5. ... New Orleans has lost seven of eight to Detroit. ... Detroit hit 14 3-pointers, one short of a franchise record. 