SALT LAKE CITY (AP) -- Utah's 20-point lead over Charlotte entering the fourth quarter dwindled to three midway through the period. Just a few minutes later, it was back up to 20 again. The Jazz outlasted the Bobcats in a game of streaks Tuesday night, winning 128-106 and avoiding the embarrassment of blowing a huge lead and what it could cost Utah in the tightly packed Western Conference. "We weren't exactly clicking for a while," said  Kyle Korver , who made three 3-pointers to lead Utah on a 17-6 run down the stretch after the Bobcats had drawn within three. Carlos Boozer  had 28 points and 13 rebounds, and  Deron Williams  added 14 points and 15 assists for the Jazz, who increased their lead over idle Denver to 3  games in the Northwest Division. With only 10 games left in the regular season, Utah can't afford to blow any leads. The Jazz are only 2  games out of first place in the Western Conference, but also only three games ahead of eighth-place Golden State. "We have as much pressure as everyone else does on them," said  Matt Harpring , who scored a season-high 18 points for Utah. "Everyone wants to make the playoffs. Everyone wants home-court advantage and everyone is within one, two, three four games of getting it." The Bobcats went just 25-for-33 from the foul line, but were 16-for-16 in the fourth quarter as the Jazz kept sending them there and the rout was suddenly a close game. Earl Boykins  and  Gerald Wallace  hit back-to-back 3-pointers to start a 14-0 run for Charlotte, cutting Utah's lead to 101-98. Andrei Kirilenko  finally ended Utah's drought on a layup with 5:55 left and drew a foul. He missed the free throw, but Boozer got the rebound and Korver hit a wide-open 3-pointer to put Utah up 106-98. Wallace scored on a layup, then Korver hit another 3, Kirilenko scored on a goaltending call and Boozer dunked off a pick-and-roll with Williams to put Utah up 113-102. Korver added his third 3-pointer of the period and the Jazz continued to pull away after the close call. "Kyle hit some big shots," Williams said. "We got stops on D. We got some fast breaks and we got the crowd into it." Mehmet Okur  also had a double-double for Utah with 20 points and 10 rebounds. Jason Richardson  scored 26 and Gerald Wallace added 21 points for the Bobcats, who lost their sixth straight road game. Utah forced 21 turnovers and outrebounded Charlotte 49-28 while improving to 31-4 at home. "They just play physical. They play aggressive. They hit you. They bang you, they beat you," Charlotte coach Sam Vincent said. "Mentally, you've got to be tough to play these guys here because they're going to wear on you through the course of the game." The Jazz shot 54 percent and were able to outscore the Bobcats 36-34 in the fourth quarter, when neither team was playing much defense. "I thought we played pretty good in spurts this game," Williams said. "There were spots in the game we got a little lackadaisical and turned the ball over and you can't do that against a team like this." Boykins added 14 points and  Raymond Felton  had 13 points and six assists for the Bobcats, who didn't make a field goal for the last 5:26 of the second quarter and still were able to make it close. Charlotte had just ended a five-game losing streak on Saturday and trailed by 20 entering the fourth quarter, but gave the Jazz a scare early in the fourth. Charlotte scored the first eight points of the third quarter, but let the Jazz go off on several big runs and Utah led 92-72 at the end of three. Charlotte finally made a lasting run early in the fourth quarter, getting within three before the Jazz regrouped. Game notes  The Jazz and Bobcats have split every season series since Charlotte joined the league. ... Charlotte didn't score for the last 3:39 of the second quarter. ... Richardson scored 14 in the first quarter -- 10 more than any other Bobcats player. ... The Jazz were just 2-for-9 from 3-point range before going 4-for-6 in the fourth quarter. 