CHICAGO --  Derrick Rose  certainly got  Deron Williams ' attention. Rose had 10 of his 24 points in the fourth quarter, and  Ben Gordon  scored 26 points in the  Chicago Bulls ' 106-98 victory over Williams and the  Utah Jazz  on Saturday night. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Ben Gordon and Derrick Rose combined for 50 points, helping the Bulls to their fifth straight home win.
 
 Mehmet Okur (32 points, 13 rebounds) and Paul Millsap (22 points, 10 boards) each recorded double-doubles for the Jazz. 
 
 The Jazz are 2-10 when allowing their opponent to score 100-plus points.

 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 
 "He's [Rose] been doing it all season," Williams said. "He's a great player. He's not playing like a rookie. I don't think he's a rookie anymore. He's one of the best point guards in the league and he definitely took it over." With Chicago down 89-85 midway through the fourth quarter,  Thabo Sefolosha  hit a 3-pointer to start a Chicago 13-3 run. Rose made two free throws to give the Bulls a 93-92 lead with 4:51 left. Then on the next possession, Rose blew by Williams and CJ Miles for a layup. Gordon extended Chicago's lead with a 3 in transition to make it 98-92 with 4:05 left. Rose put the game away when he went by Williams again for a layup to make it 105-98 with 39.4 left. Rose struggled earlier in the week. He shot 3-for-16 in an overtime loss to the Bobcats and was just 5-for-17 Wednesday night in a win against the Clippers. Now, Rose vows to be more aggressive. "I was relaxed a little bit, but now it's aggressive for now on," Rose said. "If they stop me, then that's what I have teammates for. If they don't I'm going to get a layup or a jump shot." The Bulls have won five straight home games and are 10-3 at the United Center. Mehmet Okur  had 23 points and 13 rebounds for Utah, and  Paul Millsap  added 22 points and 10 rebounds. "They just outworked us," Jazz coach Jerry Sloan said. "Twenty turnovers for 29 points. That pretty much is the difference in the ballgame. We got a little bit 3-point happy shooting the basketball coming down the stretch." The Bulls were short-handed on the front line.  Drew Gooden  missed the game because of a sprained ankle, and  Tyrus Thomas  missed his second consecutive game with a concussion. Williams finished with 19 points and six assists. Sefolosha took advantage of increased minutes because of Chicago's injuries. He scored 10 points in 33 minutes. "When times get tough and you don't play much, you just have to stay positive," Sefolosha said. "Sometimes you go home and think you wanted to play in that game. I feel like I could've helped them." Game notes  Utah F  Carlos Boozer  will have a third MRI on a quadriceps tendon injury that has kept him out of 17 straight games. "It may have gotten worst," Boozer said before the game. "They want to get another MRI done." 