PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- The  Philadelphia 76ers  have placed a bigger emphasis on defense and getting out in the open court. It has resulted in a winning formula. Louis Williams  scored 18 points,  Andre Miller  had 17 points and nine assists, and the 76ers won their third straight game with a 101-80 victory over the  Los Angeles Clippers  on Saturday night. "Our fast-break points stand out," Sixers coach Maurice Cheeks said of the 29-10 advantage. "It's been a major factor in our wins so far." Samuel Dalembert  added 16 points,  Andre Iguodala  contributed 15 and  Willie Green  had 11 for the Sixers (21-30), who snapped a three-game losing streak to the Clippers. The Sixers have eclipsed the 100-point plateau in all three games. "It starts with Sam on defense," Miller said. "Sam's defense has been great and we've been able to get the ball and run." Philadelphia's guards put pressure on the Clippers by constantly driving to the basket and finding wide-open shots. It's a style we all like to play," Williams said. "I think we're having success with this style." Corey Maggette  scored 26 and  Cuttino Mobley  added 19 for the struggling Clippers, who fell to 16-32 and remain mired in last place in the Pacific Division. "I was disappointed in the way we played," Clippers coach  Mike Dunleavy  said. "I thought they were tougher than we were. Defensively, they got after us and we turned the ball over. We competed much better in the second half, but the damage was done." Al Thornton  chipped in with 18 points and 10 rebounds for Los Angeles.  Chris Kaman , third in the league with 13.6 rebounds per game, had 11 boards but only four points on 2-of-10 shooting. "They got a lot of layups," Mobley said. "As soon as we missed it, it was like four guards were hauling down our way." A three-point play by Miller gave the Sixers a 90-72 advantage with 7:07 remaining. Los Angeles closed within 92-76, but baskets by Iguodala and Dalembert quickly pushed the lead to 20 with just under 4 minutes remaining. The Clippers never seriously threatened the rest of the game. Philadelphia shot 53 percent from the field while its bench players outscored the Clippers, 33-7. The Sixers shot 60 percent from the field in the first half and cruised to a 59-40 lead. Williams was a big catalyst for Philadelphia as he scored 11 points in the second quarter. He hit all three shots from the field and four consecutive shots from the free throw line. The Sixers outrebounded Los Angeles, 23-10, in the first half. Game notes  Clippers F  Tim Thomas  missed the game with a sore lower back. ... The Sixers shot 77 percent from the field (13-of-17) in the first quarter. ... Maggette was assessed a technical foul in the third quarter. ... Philadelphia radio play-by-play announcer Tom McGinnis called his 1,000th career game. He's in his 13th season with the club. 