INDIANAPOLIS (AP) --  Hedo Turkoglu  shook off his headache and became one for the  Indiana Pacers . Turkoglu scored 20 of his 23 points in the second half Saturday night to help the  Orlando Magic  beat Indiana 121-115 for their fourth straight victory. In the first half, the ailing Turkoglu shot 1-of-3 from the field. After the break, he made nine of 13 shots to help the Magic take control. "You could tell he was kind of going through the motions and he wasn't really feeling good," said Magic forward  Rashard Lewis , who scored 19 points. "He fought through his illness and was able to come out and help us get the win. That's the sign of a good teammate." Turkoglu said it took him a while to get into the flow of the game. "I was able to loosen up in the second half," he said. "I always have confidence, but I was trying to be more aggressive and attack on the offensive end." The Magic, who trailed by two points at halftime, took their biggest lead of the game, 105-93, on Turkoglu's 3-pointer with 8:30 left in the fourth quarter. The Pacers answered with an 8-0 run to get within four points, but Lewis' 3-pointer and Turkoglu's jumper pushed the lead back to 110-101 with 4 minutes left. Magic center  Dwight Howard  was impressed with Turkoglu's performance down the stretch. "He's clutch," Howard said. "He gets the ball and has no fear, and most of the time they go in for him. Hopefully, he can stay that way for the rest of the season." Howard finished with 24 points and 12 rebounds, and  Maurice Evans ,  Carlos Arroyo  and  Keith Bogans  each scored 16 points for the Magic (31-18), who won for the seventh time in their last eight games. "We really want to be greedy going into the All-Star break and get as many wins as we can," Howard said. "A lot of teams relax before the All-Star break and right after, so we can steal some games." Danny Granger  finished with 29 points,  Mike Dunleavy  scored 19 and  Troy Murphy  chipped in 17 for the slumping Pacers (19-29), who dropped their sixth consecutive game. "We've got to keep coming in, working hard and improving to get ourselves in a better position," Dunleavy said. "I think if we do that, good things can happen to us." After falling behind by six points late in the first quarter, the Pacers went on a 17-2 run, capped by Murphy's 3-pointer, to take a 43-34 lead in the second quarter. Orlando used three consecutive 3-pointers to regain a four-point advantage later in the period, but Indiana took a 60-58 lead into the break following  Shawne Williams ' layup. Orlando began to take control with a 12-2 run midway through the third quarter. Turkoglu, who scored 11 points in the period, gave the Magic an 85-77 edge on a jumper with 4 minutes left. Orlando pushed the lead to 94-85 following Bogans' 3-pointer to end the quarter. Indiana coach Jim O'Brien said the Pacers' defense had a hard time stopping Turkoglu in the second half. "A couple times we were draped all over him and he made great shots," O'Brien said. Game notes  Pacers F  Jermaine O'Neal  missed his eighth straight game with a bone bruise in his left knee. ... Granger extended his streak of consecutive free throws made to 37. He finished the game 12-of-12 from the line. ... The Magic's only loss in their last eight games came Jan. 25 at Detroit. ... Orlando improved to 11-24 all-time in Indianapolis during the regular season. ... The Pacers, who lost to Houston on Friday, dropped the finale of a back-to-back for the fifth straight time. 