NEW YORK -- The  Milwaukee Bucks  have made the most of a rough road schedule -- every time they've come to New York, they've left with a win. Michael Redd  scored 21 points to lead the Milwaukee Bucks to their third win this season over the  New York Knicks , 105-81 Friday night. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Michael Redd scored 21 points to pace six Bucks in double figures.
 
 The win gave the Bucks six road wins already this season after winning just seven on the road all of last season.
 
 The Knicks' 81 points are their second fewest of the season. 
 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 
 "This was definitely a critical win," Redd said. "As crazy as it sounds, in the East we're both in the playoff hunt." Although it's a bit early for that, the Bucks (12-16) have already played 18 of their first 28 games on the road, most in team history to start a season and most in the NBA this year. The Bucks won at Madison Square Garden on Nov. 2 and beat the Knicks in Milwaukee later that month. "I don't know. Certain teams you just fare well against," Redd said. "Some teams you just match up well against, and this is just one of those teams." Redd scored 12 points in a decisive 25-7 run that spanned the two halves.  Richard Jefferson  and  Luc Mbah a Moute  each had 16 points for the Bucks. Nate Robinson , inserted into the Knicks' lineup to replace  Al Harrington  after he got caught in traffic, had 21 points. "They do a great job of team defense," Robinson said. "I ain't gonna take that away from them. This just shows what kind of team they are." Harrington arrived midway through the first quarter and finished with 16 points, and  David Lee  had 14 points and 14 rebounds. After the Bucks took an early lead, Harrington made three 3-pointers, a layup and a jumper to help make it 39-35 with 5:40 to play before halftime. But Redd connected on a 3-pointer, a jumper and a layup as Milwaukee sprinted out to a 53-37 halftime lead. The Knicks scored a season-low 15 points in the first quarter, while  Quentin Richardson  went 0-for-7. "I think we started well defensively,"  Andrew Bogut  said. "To hold a team in [Mike] D'Antoni's system to 37 points in the first half is an accomplishment." New York trailed by 25 points in the second half.  Wilson Chandler  added 11 points and five rebounds for New York. Game notes   Tim Thomas  left the Knicks bench in the second quarter with a stomach virus and did not return. ... Milwaukee tied its series with New York at 88 wins apiece. 