TORONTO -- When the time came to turn it on, the  Miami Heat  fell short. Chris Bosh  scored 27 points,  Jermaine O'Neal  had 11 points and 18 rebounds and the  Toronto Raptors  snapped a two-game losing streak with a 107-96 victory over the Heat on Sunday. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 
Chris Bosh had 27 points (on the strength of 13-of-15 shooting from the line) to lead seven Raptors in double figures as Toronto made it five straight wins vs. Miami.
 
 The Raptors outrebounded the Heat 52-35, led by 18 rebounds from Jermaine O'Neal, his highest single-game total since Nov. 18, 2005 (when he was with the Pacers).  
 
 The Heat were led by Dwyane Wade's 29 points (on 31 field-goal attempts, the third-highest total of his career), eight assists and four steals, but fell to 1-4 on the road this year (vs. 4-1 at home).
 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 


   Kris Humphries  scored 14 points and  Andrea Bargnani  added 12 in his first start of the season.  Jason Kapono  and  Anthony Parker  each had 10. Dwyane Wade  scored 29 for Miami, with  Daequan Cook  adding a season-high 16 and  Michael Beasley  13.  Chris Quinn  had 11 points and  Udonis Haslem  added 10 for the Heat. Quinn's layup with 1:00 left in the third tied it at 78 but the Heat went scoreless over the next 3:29 as the Raptors pulled away with a 15-2 run. "It was just a matter of which team turned it up," Wade said. "It was a game for both of us to win going into the fourth quarter. We kept sparring with them but they finally turned it up and took a big lead." Toronto capped the rally with an O'Neal block on Cook, releasing Kapono for a 3-pointer that gave the Raptors a 93-80 lead. Still upset at himself for giving up an offensive rebound to Haslem moments earlier, O'Neal was determined not to let Cook get to the basket. "I knew he was going to drive and I let him kind of get the angle, so I could step in and block the shot," O'Neal said. "It doesn't always play out that way, but it really got us going." Heat coach Eric Spoelstra was disappointed with his team's effort as Miami fell to 1-4 away from home. "We just didn't bring any kind of disposition or competitive spirit on the defensive end," Spoelstra said. "For some reason, on the road, we're confused about what we are and what our identity is. "It was coming to us easily in the first half so we were sparring with them and scoring," Spoelstra added. "Then it just turned, and that's what happens. We did not have any of our defensive effort or energy, or real competitiveness." Wade acknowledged that Miami's defensive effort fell short in the fourth. "We gave up a lot of offensive rebounds to them, giving them a lot of second chances," Wade said. "We just had mental breakdowns at the wrong time. The little things turn into real big things, especially when they've got shooters the way they have." Wade scored six consecutive points as Miami cut it to 96-91 with 1:36 remaining, but Parker made two free throws and Bosh had a dunk to keep the Raptors safe. "We tried to make some things happen but it just happened too late," Wade said. While the Heat were left lamenting their defensive shortcomings, O'Neal was pleased with Toronto's performance. "We really kept our bodies on them," O'Neal said. "When they tried to drive, we cut them off, we helped, we switched. We did a lot of different things I think they weren't quite used to seeing, especially from the big guys." Playing together for extended minutes, Bosh, O'Neal and Bargnani gave the Raptors a significant height advantage, helping Toronto outrebound Miami 52-35. Toronto guard  Jose Calderon  sat out with a strained right hamstring and was replaced by  Will Solomon , who finished with 15 points and 11 assists. "He knows what to do, he's a professional," Bosh said of Solomon. "We were behind him, we gave him a lot of support coming in." Calderon, averaging 13.5 points and an NBA second-best 9.0 assists, was injured in Wednesday's loss to Philadelphia. Wade rolled his ankle in the second half and said it was "tender" for several minutes, but not painful enough to knock him out of the game. Miami plays Tuesday night at Washington. Miami led 54-50 at the half, but O'Neal scored six points as the Toronto took the lead with a 10-2 run to start the third. Game notes  Bargnani replaced  Jamario Moon  in Toronto's starting lineup. ... Calderon had played in 106 consecutive games, dating to March 21, 2007. ... Sunday was the final game  Shawn Marion  was scheduled to wear a facemask to protect his broken nose. He ripped the mask off in anger after being called for a third-quarter foul. Marion, who scored eight points, was injured in a Nov. 1 loss at Charlotte. ... Miami started 5-for-5 from 3-point range but finished 8-for 24. ... The Heat are 0-6 when allowing 100 points or more. 