EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. --  Vince Carter  helped the  New Jersey Nets  bounce back from one of their most disappointing losses of the season. Carter had 18 points, and  Yi Jianlian  and  Devin Harris  each had 16 to help the Nets rout the  Minnesota Timberwolves  113-84 on Friday night, New Jersey's biggest margin of victory this season. Jarvis Hayes  added 14 points,  Keyon Dooling  had 12, and  Bobby Simmons  and  Brook Lopez  had 11 each to help New Jersey rebound from a 108-88 home loss to Washington on Tuesday night, a loss that stung after the Nets had won three straight on the road. Following the humbling defeat to the Wizards, Carter challenged the Nets to come back strong. The message clearly got through as New Jersey took out its frustration on Minnesota. "I made the statement, so I had to go out there and back it up," Carter said. "We were aggressive and ready to play, right from the jump ball. It's not about making shots. It's about getting to the basket, making plays for guys instead of being stagnant." It was a night in which every Net was involved, especially from 3-point range where they made 14 of 28, a season high. "I'm really proud of the way the guys responded, especially after the last game," Harris said. "We really jumped the lead in the third quarter and guys who came in to start the fourth finished it off." The Nets, an excellent 6-3 on the road, improved their IZOD Center record to 4-5. The Nets are 8-1 in the last nine against the Timberwolves in New Jersey. Randy Foye  led Minnesota with 20 points. "They played a great game," Foye said. "They hit a lot of big 3s. It seemed like everything tonight was falling for them." Al Jefferson  added 17 points for Minnesota, and  Craig Smith ,  Sebastian Telfair  and  Rashad McCants  each had 12. The Timberwolves have dropped four straight to fall to 4-14. The Nets took charge early, leading by 17 in the opening minutes of the second quarter. The Timberwolves battled back to trim the Nets advantage to 50-41 at the half. New Jersey put the game out of reach with a 14-4 run in the third quarter, capped off by Lopez's dunk on a feed from Harris that put the Nets up 70-51. "Give them credit," said Timberwolves coach Randy Wittman. "They shot the heck out of the ball. Vince attacked us in the high pick-and-roll, getting all the way to the rim, which got them going. We can't give up both, inside and outside. That's what happened tonight." Game notes  The Timberwolves put  Mike Miller  on the inactive list for the game. He participated in the morning shootaround, hoping to play despite a right ankle sprain suffered in Minnesota's last game, a 100-89 loss in Orlando on Wednesday night. ...  Josh Boone  could return to the Nets by the middle of next week. He has missed 11 games because of a left ankle contusion. ... Carter and Harris started the game as the highest scoring backcourt in the league, averaging a combined 48.1 points. ...  Jason Collins  returned to New Jersey for the first time he was traded to Memphis last season. Collins was dealt to Minnesota over the summer. He played his first six years with the Nets, often as the starting center or power forward. ... The Timberwolves were whistled for three technicals: Telfair, Wittman and Smith. ... It was the first time this season the Nets had seven players score in double figures. 