CHICAGO (AP) --  Brandon Roy  was hurting. He'd fallen on his tailbone and was so sore his mobility during two tiring overtimes was limited. He also had a cut under his eye. "I took a couple of bangs here and there and just fought through it," Roy said. And so did the  Portland Trail Blazers , the NBA's hottest team. Roy's teammate  Jarrett Jack  drove for a go-ahead basket and converted a three-point play with 19 seconds left in the second overtime as the Trail Blazers outlasted the  Chicago Bulls  115-109 on Thursday night for their 15th win in 16 games. "I fell on my tailbone in regulation and I really couldn't move," Roy said. "I told Coach I'll continue to be a decoy. ... I was just trying to gut it out for the team. We'd come too far to let this one slip." Jack made sure that didn't happen as the Trail Blazers improved to 2-0 since their 13-game winning streak ended Monday in Utah. Roy had 25 points and  Travis Outlaw  21 for Portland. Ben Gordon  scored 32 points to lead the Bulls and veteran  Joe Smith  added a season-high 31 as Chicago dropped to 3-2 since Jim Boylan was appointed interim coach after the firing of Scott Skiles. With the game tied in the second overtime, Gordon lost the ball as he was dribbling to set up a shot, Jack picked it up after it was tipped and drove for a go-ahead layup and was fouled by Gordon. His free throw put the Trail Blazers up 111-108. "The ball sprung loose and I was just ready to get it. I knew I was going to attack him after that," Jack said. "It was me and him. My problem is being able to finish in the lane and luckily I was able to get it down." Gordon was trying to maneuver and get open for a shot, as he did most of the game. "I was trying to pump fake and get him in the air but the ball slipped out of my hands," Gordon said. "Somebody tipped it to Jarrett and I tried to get back and swipe the ball. ... I didn't touch him. I ran right past him. I was surprised to hear the whistle blow." Moments later, Smith just missed an attempt from in front of the basket, was fouled on the play and hit the first free throw but missed the second with 14 seconds to go. Portland rebounded and  James Jones  sealed the exhausting victory by making four free throws down the stretch. Gordon's jumper with 1:01 left had given the Bulls a two-point lead in the second overtime, but  Kirk Hinrich  fouled Roy, landing on him after he faked a shot with 45 seconds remaining. Roy made the first and then went to the bench to have a small cut under his right eye treated. He returned to the line and rolled in the second for another tie. Luol Deng , the Bulls' second-leading scorer at 18.5 points per game, left in the second quarter with tightness in his left Achilles' and managed only two points. He played just 13 minutes and 55 seconds, all in the first half. Deng said he'd hurt the Achilles' in an earlier game and aggravated it Thursday night when he came down after a jump shot. He might have an MRI on Friday. It was the fourth game in five nights for both teams, and the Bulls couldn't hold a 14-point lead they built in the third quarter. "It was a very winnable game," Gordon said after the Bulls lost their second straight overtime game at home. "Both teams were tired. ... They came up with more key plays in the pivotal moments." LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 14 points and added 13 rebounds for the Trail Blazers.  Ben Wallace  chipped in 12 points and 14 rebounds for the Bulls. Aldridge's basket gave Portland a 106-104 lead in the second extra period but Wallace, a 49 percent free-throw shooter entering the game, made two straight from the line and was 4-for-4 in the two overtimes. Averaging 29 points in the four games since Boylan asked him to drop out of the starting lineup and be the sixth man, Gordon scored 14 in the first half on 6-for-10 shooting. He finished 15-for-27 from the field. Gordon's 3-pointer and late jumper helped the Bulls take a 48-41 halftime lead. And when Chicago reeled off the first seven points of the third quarter, the lead was up to 55-41. The Trail Blazers shot only 37 percent in the first two quarters and Aldridge was scoreless at the half. Aldridge had a career-high 36 points two games ago in the loss to the Jazz. Game notes  Each team shot 23 free throws. The Bulls were only 4-for-24 on 3-pointers. 