CHICAGO (AP) -- New Orleans coach Byron Scott got  Chris Paul 's attention with some strong words to the Hornets at halftime. Thus motivated, Paul had 25 points and 14 assists in a 100-86 victory over the Bulls on Tuesday night, sending Chicago to its sixth loss in nine games. "Coach really got on us at halftime. When he does that I feel like he's talking directly to me," Paul said. "That's part of my job when he said we needed to pick up the intensity and push the ball." David West  added 27 points for the Hornets and  Tyson Chandler , who played five seasons for the Bulls before being traded before the 2006-07 season, was booed throughout the game and scored four points and had 16 rebounds. Peja Stojakovic  scored 13 of his 27 points in the third quarter on 5-of-8 shooting. After trailing 50-43 at halftime, the Hornets outscored the Bulls 29-18 in the quarter. "We really tried to penetrate and get guys open. When Peja is shooting the ball like that, we understand we've got to get it to him," Paul said. Andres Nocioni  led the Bulls with 28 points and  Kirk Hinrich  finished with 15 points. "Obviously we would like to come out with a better effort in the third, we were right there in the fourth quarter and we kind of got our butts kick in the fourth quarter," Hinrich said. "Offensively we couldn't get anything going and had some unfortunate turnovers that they capitalized on." After only scoring two points on 1-for-10 shooting in a win against Memphis on Saturday, Paul scored 10 points in the first half for the Hornets on 5-for-10 shooting. Hornets starter  Morris Peterson  missed his second straight game with back spasms. Chicago Bulls  center  Ben Wallace  arrived late to pregame game warmups and was fined an undisclosed amount. Game notes  Chandler was not surprised by the dismissal of former Bulls coach Scott Skiles in December and the struggles of his former team. "I [saw] it coming. I knew it was a matter of a time before they had to make a coaching change just by looking at the players and looking at their eyes out there," Chandler said before the game. "It didn't look fun for them and you can't win games if you're not having fun out there." Chandler was only taken surprise when Bulls general manager John Paxson made the coaching change so early in the season. "Like I said, I knew it was about to come, I knew it was a matter of time, I didn't think it would come as soon. I thought it would be more close to the All-Star break or something." ... Wallace scored nine points and had 16 rebounds. 