MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) -- Without  Pau Gasol  on their roster, the  Memphis Grizzlies  are going to need more contributions like the one they got from  Hakim Warrick  on Tuesday night. Warrick had 24 points and 13 rebounds -- season-high totals and Gasol-like numbers -- to lead the Grizzlies to a 107-94 victory over the  Sacramento Kings . The victory snapped a six-game losing streak for the Grizzlies and was the team's first win since trading Gasol to the Lakers Feb. 1. Memphis had gone 0-4 since Gasol's departure. For Warrick, making only his second start of the season, the double-double was the seventh of his career. "I think everyone on this team has to go in and fill [Gasol's] role," Warrick said. "No one guy is going to do it, so, as a team, I think everyone's really elevated their game to another level." Held to three points in the first half, Warrick, playing in Gasol's vacated spot, scored 21 in the second half. He connected on nine of 10 field goals after halftime. Rudy Gay  added 21 points for the Grizzlies, reserve  Juan Carlos Navarro  scored 19 and  Mike Miller  finished with 17 points and 10 rebounds. Memphis shot 50 percent and outrebounded the Kings, 49-42. "I think we all are stepping up to the plate, whether it's me or Mike or Hakim," Gay said. "As for Hakim, he made tremendous contributions. He is a very versatile player. When given the chance, Hakim can fill it up. He just hasn't been given the chance." Warrick had averaged 9.4 points in the team's previous five games and hadn't scored more than 14 points in a single outing. "He was not just playing offense, he was playing defense, too," said Memphis coach Marc Iavaroni. "He played well in the zone [defense]. He was a zone guy at Syracuse and maybe we have found something for him and for our team. He had a great individual effort." Kevin Martin  scored 26 of his 33 points in the first half as the Kings built a 59-54 lead.  Ron Artest  and  Mike Bibby  had 18 apiece. The Grizzlies pulled away by outscoring Sacramento, 32-20, in the third quarter. Warrick had 15 points in the period. During a five-minute stretch from late in the third quarter to early in the fourth, the Grizzlies scored 14 consecutive points to move ahead, 94-79. But Sacramento made one last run. The Kings made it 95-88 with six minutes left on a 3-pointer by Bibby, before the Grizzlies countered with  Mike Conley 's layup, Miller's 3-pointer and two free throws from Gay to lead by 14. "Being up 15 points in the fourth quarter is something that you have to do to win games," Iavaroni said. "We are not a scoring juggernaut, but we put up 107 and we held them to 15 in the fourth. Those bode well." The Kings shot just 37.4 percent and were affected adversely by the Grizzlies' zone defense. "It's a simple game against the zone," Kings coach Reggie Theus said. "It's not a jump shot and that's what we made it." Sacramento used a 17-3 in the first quarter to go up 34-22. But the Kings were unable to sustain the momentum in the second quarter. After Gay banked in a 3-pointer to end the first quarter, the Grizzlies opened the second by going on a 19-5 run. Behind Navarro, the Grizzlies used the run to build a 44-39 advantage midway through the period. Navarro had 11 points during the stretch, including two 3-pointers. Memphis's lead was short-lived as Martin finished the quarter strong by scoring 11 points in the final six minutes to give Sacramento a 59-54 halftime advantage. Game notes  Had the Grizzlies lost, it would been their first seven-game skid since November 2006. Memphis has had six six-game losing streaks since December 2006, but won the seventh game on each occasion. ... Artest was held under 20 points for the first time in seven games. He entered Tuesday's game averaging 23 points during the six-game stretch. ... The Grizzlies made their biggest comeback of the season, rallying from 12 points down (34-22) in the first quarter. 