CHICAGO --  Andre Miller  was in the highlight films two days ago for the wrong reasons. His shot was blocked from behind by  Derrick Rose  and he was also victimized defensively by a wicked crossover dribble from Chicago's star rookie. Miller got another chance to match up with the No. 1 pick in last year's draft on Tuesday night and it sure looked like he had something to prove. "He came out in attack mode all night," Chicago's  Drew Gooden  said of Miller. Miller scored nine of his season-high 28 points in overtime and helped get Rose in foul trouble as the Sixers beat Chicago 103-95. "He [Rose] is going to be a good player for a long time," Miller said. "I was just thinking be aggressive. Sitting back and standing around is not good for our team. We wanted to stay active, getting the ball to the basket, creating open plays for each other." Andre Iguodala  added 25 points and  Elton Brand  had 22 points and 14 rebounds for the Sixers as they ended a four-game losing streak. Rose, who picked up his fourth and fifth fouls in the final quarter and twice had to go to the bench, led Chicago with 24 points.  Ben Gordon  added 18, and  Tyrus Thomas  had 14 points and 13 boards. Before the game, Miller was highly complimentary of Rose and his two superb plays two days ago in leading the Bulls to a win in Philadelphia. "I'm not going to take it personally," Miller said. Asked if he thought Miller had a point to make after Sunday, Rose didn't seem as concerned about that as he was the Bulls' 24 turnovers -- six by him. "He [Miller] is a good point guard and he tried to get me in foul trouble," Rose said. "He made plays. Everybody on his team made plays. We just had so many opportunities and we just missed them." Thomas' thunderous followup dunk tied it at 90 with 17.6 seconds left in regulation. The Sixers had the last shot, but after holding the ball and running down the clock, Iguodala drove the lane and fed in the corner to Miller, whose shot was short. But in overtime Miller took over. He had a three-point play and then a soft jumper to give Philadelphia a 99-92 lead. Philly, which led by 15 Sunday before losing to the Bulls 103-92, had a 16-point cushion Tuesday and was also ahead by nine in the fourth quarter before Chicago rallied. But this time the Sixers held on. Brand's jump hook gave the Sixers a 79-70 lead in regulation. Iguodala's drive along the base line and thundering dunk kept the lead at seven with three minutes remaining. Rose drove for a bank shot and Drew Gooden's two free throws after a nifty pass from Rose brought the Bulls to within two with 1:15 to play. Thomas blocked a shot by Miller but then was called for an offensive foul at the other end with 40 seconds remaining. But a driving Iguodala lost the ball under the basket with 23.9 seconds to go and the Bulls had a last chance. After a timeout Rose, drove the basket and missed but Thomas followed it up with a slam to tie the game with 17.6 seconds to go. Iguodala's three-point play and then steal and dunk in the final seconds of the third quarter highlighted a strong 12-2 finish for the 76ers as they took a 67-61 lead. Looking flat after a seven-game road trip that ended Sunday with the victory over the Sixers in Philly, the Bulls fell behind by 10 after a listless first quarter in which they had eight turnovers and shot 33 percent. Philadelphia went up 30-14 in the second quarter. But the Bulls chopped away and after a rally that saw them shoot 58 percent in the second period, they actually had a chance for the halftime lead before  Andres Nocioni 's baseline jumper was long with about half a minute left. Iguodala's banker put Philadelphia up three at the half. Game notes  The Bulls' 24 turnovers led to 26 points for the Sixers. .... Iguodala shot 11-for-19, while Miller was only 9-of-26, but made 10-of-11 free throws. 