MIAMI -- With his team in a double-digit hole,  Dwyane Wade  hit a long 3-pointer at the end of the first half, then turned toward the  Miami Heat  bench and nodded. His message was clear: This game isn't over. And his teammates went out and proved him right. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Dwyane Wade scores 38 points and totals eight assists despite playing through flu-like symptoms.
 
 Miami, which has alternated wins and losses in the last nine games, improved to 7-6 on the season. Last year, it went 15-67. 
 
 The Pacers have dropped two straight and four of the last five games. 
 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 



 Wade shook off flu-like symptoms to score 38 points, and the Heat outscored Indiana by 21 after halftime to beat the Pacers 109-100 on Saturday night. "Hopefully, one day, we can put a string of wins together," said Wade, whose team still hasn't lost two straight games this season, a far cry from last year's 15-67 debacle. "But right now, we're just going to keep taking it one game at a time, trying to win each game and get better every night. That's all we can do." For as great as Wade has been -- he's averaging 28.9 points, just a sliver behind Cleveland's  LeBron James  for the NBA lead -- he hasn't had to do everything by himself this year, and that rang true again Saturday. Shawn Marion  had 18 points, nine rebounds and six steals, while  Michael Beasley  scored 14 of his 17 points in the second half for Miami.  Udonis Haslem  added 16 points for the Heat, who limited Indiana to 37 percent shooting in the second half on the way to outscoring the Pacers 61-40 in the final 24 minutes. "We were as disruptive as we've been all year," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. Marquis Daniels  scored 25 points, and  Danny Granger  added 23 for the Pacers, who fell to 1-4 on the road.  Rasho Nesterovic  scored 13 points,  T.J. Ford  added 11 and  Brandon Rush  had 10 for Indiana. "That's the NBA for you," Ford said. "You're up one minute and have momentum, and it shifts in a heartbeat." Granger hit a 3-pointer with 2:41 left to get the Pacers to 99-98, but Miami came up with steals that set up dunks on each of its next two defensive trips. Chris Quinn  got the first steal and set up Wade for an easy score, and Haslem got both the steal and the dunk on the next series to push the Heat lead to five with 1:45 left. Indiana never got closer. For the second straight night, Indiana's offense faltered down the stretch. The Pacers scored 54 first-half points before losing to Orlando 100-98 in overtime on Friday, and put up 60 in the first two quarters against Miami -- but got very little to work after halftime. "I couldn't tell you what it is," Granger said. "I don't know if we should let the other teams start winning first, so we can come back in the end." Daniels scored 10 points in the first quarter, helping stake Indiana to a quick 31-20 edge. The Pacers opened the lead up to as many as 15 in the second, before settling for a 60-48 edge at the break -- matching the most points Miami has allowed in any half this season. Wade went 5-for-5 from the field in the second quarter, including a pair of 3-pointers in the final 35.7 seconds, to keep Miami within some sort of striking range. And in the third, Miami erased the deficit. Beasley scored 10 points in the quarter, despite picking up his fourth foul along the way, and Quinn hit a 30-footer with 0.4 seconds left in the quarter to draw Miami into a 79-all tie, the first since the opening minutes. Down the stretch, turnovers were the difference. Miami held a 10-1 edge in points off turnovers in the fourth quarter -- the nine-point margin that decided the game. "When we don't turn the ball over, we win," Pacers coach Jim O'Brien said. "When we turn it over, we lose. It's that simple." Game notes  Marion said he'll miss Wednesday's game at Portland because of a relative's funeral. He plans to play Friday at Phoenix, the first time he'll face his former team -- and the first time the Heat will see  Shaquille O'Neal  since last season's trade. ... For the second straight game, Beasley picked up his third foul early in the second quarter on a charging call. ... Granger sprained his left ankle with 10:15 remaining after landing awkwardly, but returned after a quick trip to the locker room. ... The Heat could have C  Jamaal Magloire  (broken hand) in the lineup Monday. Magloire returned to practice this week and, if he can return, it seems like it'd be a major help Monday -- when Yao Ming and the  Houston Rockets  come to South Florida. 