SAN ANTONIO -- When he saw  Tim Duncan  pump fake  Andrew Bogut  off his feet and drive right up to the rim with less than 5 seconds left, San Antonio guard  Roger Mason  thought it was as good of a last shot as anyone could want. "I'll take that 10 times out of 10," Mason said. But Duncan missed the layup with 3.8 seconds to go and the  Milwaukee Bucks  hung on for a 100-98 victory over the Spurs on Tuesday night behind  Michael Redd 's 25 points and 10 rebounds. Luke Ridnour  scored 21 and Bogut added 20 points and 14 rebounds for the Bucks, who won for the sixth time in eight games and snapped San Antonio's five-game winning streak. A 52 percent shooter this season, Duncan scored 22 points but finished 7-of-20 from the floor. He was 2-of-7 in the fourth quarter, including the layup try that he lofted over a few outstretched arms with Bogut -- the Bucks' tallest defender on the floor -- watching from behind. "I closed him out hard because he hit a couple of jumpers early on," Bogut said. "Thankfully my teammates were behind me to have my back, and a couple of guys were there stripping at the ball. He kind of threw up kind of a prayer and he missed." Michael Finley  made eight of 10 shots and had 20 points for the Spurs, while  Tony Parker  added 19 points and 10 assists. The Bucks led by 11 with 2:31 left in the third quarter when Bogut scored on his second layup in less than two minutes. But the Spurs scored 10 of the first 12 points of the fourth quarter and took an 84-82 lead with 7:23 left on Mason's 3-pointer. Mason scored 15 points after hitting three of four 3-pointers. The Spurs led 88-84 with 6:33 left after  Manu Ginobili  stripped Ridnour, and Parker sent a pass up to Mason for a dunk on the fast break. But Milwaukee came back down the floor with Ridnour's 3-pointer to cut it to one, and the Bucks took the lead on Bogut's dunk off a pass from  Richard Jefferson  with 5:29 to go. The Bucks went up by three on Redd's drive with 4:22 left. Mason's 3 with 9 seconds left cut it to 100-98, and the Bucks were called for a 5-second violation on the inbounds pass. That gave Duncan an opportunity to tie the game with a layup in the middle of the lane, but he missed. "It was a bizarre last 10 seconds, that's for sure," Ridnour said. "I've never seen a 5-second count at the end of the game. Oh, well. I'm just glad we came away with it." Duncan left the locker room without talking to reporters. His missed layup was indicative of the Spurs' inability to take control in the lane. Milwaukee outscored San Antonio 36-26 in the paint. The Bucks had 10 offensive rebounds to three for the Spurs. "Tim got a pretty good look and it didn't drop," Mason said. "We lost the game before that. We lost the game the first two quarters when they outhustled us. They got every loose ball. Seems like they wanted it more." Duncan, along with  Matt Bonner , got an early hook from Spurs coach Gregg Popovich after San Antonio's interior defense allowed three dunks, a tip-in and a layup in the first 5 minutes. They were pulled at the 7:05 mark in favor of  Kurt Thomas  and rookie free agent  Anthony Tolliver  as Milwaukee jumped out to a 17-7 lead. "It was a lot of missed assignments," Popovich said. "They played sharper and were more aggressive than we were. They deserved to win." The Bucks' front line of Jefferson,  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  and Bogut opened 7-of-8, and Milwaukee started with a 14-0 advantage in points in the paint before Parker finally got a short shot for San Antonio when he stole a pass from  Charlie Villanueva  and drove in for an easy layup to cut the Bucks' 10-point lead to 23-20 with 2:14 to go in the first quarter. "It was nothing really. We just ran our sets," Bogut said. "We didn't run a whole lot of confusion stuff. We just ran some easy pick and rolls, and I got a couple of easy dunks to start the game." Redd went 3-for-3 and made a pair of free throws to score the last eight points in the quarter for the Bucks, who took a 31-26 lead into the second quarter. They scored the first five in the quarter -- this time all from Villanueva -- to go ahead 36-26. Villanueva scored on a three-point play, and he followed that with a dunk after grabbing an offensive rebound on  Charlie Bell 's miss. "I thought both halves and the start of the quarters we were good," Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  said. "We did a nice job of moving the ball, and tonight we made some shots." Game notes  Bell returned after spending Saturday's loss to Detroit on the inactive list with right knee soreness. He made a 3-pointer with 21 seconds left in the second quarter that allowed the Bucks to take a 51-49 halftime lead, and finished 5-of-7 for 11 points in 26 minutes. ... Parker picked up his third technical foul in the last five games. ... This was Milwaukee's first road game in 11 days, and the Bucks play at Houston on Wednesday before getting four of the next five at home. 