INDIANAPOLIS --  Danny Granger  isn't ready to consider himself an NBA star just yet. But the  Indiana Pacers ' fourth-year swingman is certainly playing like one. Granger scored 34 points, including 10 in the fourth quarter, and the Pacers beat the slumping  Atlanta Hawks  113-96 on Tuesday night. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Hawks started 6-0 but are 6-4. In the six wins, they gave up 89.5 PPG. In the four losses, 112.5 PPG.
 
 Danny Granger had 34 points and was 13-for-18 from the field for his 11th career 30-point game and third this season.
 
 The Pacers have won three straight and six of the last eight games vs. the Hawks.
 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 





 "He's got that killer instinct for a scorer," said Indiana center  Rasho Nesterovic , who added 21 points. "He's so young and he can just go up. He's definitely going to be a cornerstone of this team for many years." Granger, who recently signed a five-year contract extension with the Pacers, is taking his development in stride. He entered the night as the league's 10th-leading scorer at 23.1 points per game. "Every year that I've improved, I was never expecting to improve that much," he said. "It's just another step I'm adding to my game. ... I still feel like I have a little more ways to go." Atlanta guard  Joe Johnson , who finished with 25 points, was impressed with Granger's ability to score. "He's a pretty good player, I can't take nothing away from him," Johnson said. "He made a lot of good shots tonight, so give him credit." Jeff Foster  had 12 points and  Troy Murphy  added 10 points and 19 rebounds for the Pacers (5-5), who won their fifth consecutive home game against Atlanta (6-4). After a 6-0 start, the Hawks have lost four straight. Granger said the Pacers were more than happy to add to Atlanta's skid. "We took advantage of the situation and got the win." Marvin Williams  had 14 points and  Mike Bibby  and  Maurice Evans  each scored 13 for the Hawks, who never held a lead and trailed by as many as 17 points. "We haven't been playing together, playing with any energy, like we were in those first six games," Johnson said. "I think we've gotten real complacent and we haven't been playing team basketball. "That's pretty much the NBA season, you're going to have ups and downs. Like I've been telling everybody when we started 6-0, 'Don't get ahead of yourself. It's a marathon, not a sprint.' It's a down time for us right now, but we'll bounce back." The Pacers, who led 32-25 to end the first quarter, opened a 61-46 advantage on Nesterovic's three-point play with 51 seconds left in the half. Indiana shot 58 percent from the field and was led by Granger's 17 points. Atlanta got within nine points in the third quarter, but  Jarrett Jack  ended the period with a layup to push the lead back to 88-73.  Brandon Rush  gave the Pacers their biggest lead, 90-73, early in the fourth quarter. The Hawks cut the deficit to 95-88 following Johnson's 3-pointer and  Acie Law 's layup with 8 minutes left. Indiana answered with baskets from  Marquis Daniels  and Granger to regain the momentum. "I thought we put together four quarters of complete basketball," Pacers coach Jim O'Brien said. Game notes  Hawks C  Al Horford  left the game with 5:21 left in the first quarter with a right ankle injury and did not return. X-rays were negative. "Al is a big part of what we do," Atlanta coach Mike Woodson said. "When he's missing in terms of clogging up the middle, banging for us and scoring a little, he's missed." ... Pacers G  Mike Dunleavy  (right knee) missed the game and has yet to play this season. ... Hawks F  Josh Smith  (left ankle) and G  Speedy Claxton  (left knee) did not play. ... Foster hit a rare 3-pointer to end the first quarter. He was 0-for-1 from beyond the arc this season. 