MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) -- The lowly  Memphis Grizzlies  suddenly are feasting on some of the NBA's other struggling teams. Juan Carlos Navarro  scored 11 of his 22 points in the fourth quarter and the Grizzlies held on for a 117-111 victory over the  Sacramento Kings  on Saturday night. It marked Memphis' second straight win -- only the second time this season the Grizzlies have won consecutive games -- and third victory in the last four. And, even though the triumphs were over the Kings,  New York Knicks  and  Charlotte Bobcats , all well outside the playoff chase, it is a change for the Grizzlies, who broke an 18-game road losing streak at New York on Friday night. Saturday's victory marked the first time Memphis has swept a back-to-back since the final two games of the 2005-06 season. "We're playing well offensively, making shots and shooting a high percentage," said reserve guard  Kyle Lowry , who contributed 10 points and 5 assists. "Everything is quick. We're moving the ball and looking good out there." Rudy Gay  led Memphis with 24 points, and  Darko Milicic  had 19 points and 10 rebounds for Memphis, which had seven players finish in double figures, including all five starters. Kevin Martin  led the Kings with 29 points, and  Spencer Hawes  had career highs with 19 points and 12 rebounds.  Francisco Garcia  added 15 points, and  John Salmons  finished with 12. "As a team we played selfish on both ends of the floor," said Kings forward  Mikki Moore , who had nine points and eight rebounds. "We didn't help each other out on defense, and we were greedy on offense." Memphis almost squandered an 18-point lead in the second half. But the Grizzlies never relinquished the advantage and back-to-back 3s from Navarro and Gay gave Memphis a 113-104 lead with 1:35 left. "We got down too early, and were always trying to fight our way back," Martin said. "When we got it down to four or three or two, we just got tired and ran out of gas." Three key Kings --  Ron Artest ,  Brad Miller  and  Beno Udrih  -- sat out with nagging injuries, allowing some of the younger Sacramento players to show some of their talents before the end of the season. Artest's ailments came after he had scored 23 in Friday night's loss at San Antonio and had reached at least 20 points in 19 of the last 23 games he played. Navarro made six of nine 3-pointers for the Grizzlies, who shot 51 percent from the field. Hawes, the rookie from Washington who started his first game of the season, scored 13 before the break, and helped the Kings stay close early. "It helps with my development and help with my confidence. In all aspects, it helps me out," Hawes said of his performance. "It's just unfortunate that it had to come when we didn't get a victory." For Memphis, it was the latest example of improvement and confidence. And with a good portion of their remaining games against the likes of Miami, Minnesota, the  Los Angeles Clippers  and a Wednesday game at Sacramento, the Grizzlies are trying to build momentum down the stretch. "We are playing with a bit of confidence, even though we are down 30 games," Milicic said. "We are trying to relax and play our game. We have been trying to do that all season long. We will just have to wait for next season and see where we are." The Kings are trying to determine who is healthy enough to play, and whether to give younger players more minutes. "We're going to try and win every one of them," Kings coach Reggie Theus said. "We want to keep developing our young guys, but we want to win. "These last few games have been tough on us, but we've had a nice little run going. It's important for us to end the season on a positive note, whether we make the playoffs or not." Game notes  The Grizzlies beat the Kings 107-94 in the previous meeting between the two teams. ... Saturday's victory marked the first time the Grizzlies won consecutive games over Sacramento in franchise history. ... Udrih missed his third consecutive game with a lower back strain, but Miller and Artest, both with elbow injuries, had played through the aches recently. ... It was the 20th game of the year Artest has missed for injuries or suspension. ... The Grizzlies had not won consecutive games since November. ... The Grizzlies' 40 first-quarter points were a season high for Memphis in an opening period. ... C  Lorenzen Wright , who formerly played for the Grizzlies and the University of Memphis, saw his first action for the Kings since coming to Sacramento in the multiplayer Feb. 16 trade that sent  Mike Bibby  to Atlanta.  