ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) --  Orlando Magic  coach Stan Van Gundy only expected to give  Dwight Howard  a one-minute rest to start the fourth quarter Sunday night. The All-Star ended up with a 4  minute breather and, in his absence, Orlando's lead kept growing. Brian Cook  and  Keyon Dooling  scored 11 apiece in the fourth quarter and Magic reserves had the team's first 24 points in the period as Orlando beat the  Sacramento Kings  112-93. The Magic entered the fourth ahead 74-68. No Orlando starter scored until Howard hit two free throws with 4:28 remaining, but by then the lead was 100-79. "We sort of rode the high pick-and-roll with Keyon and Brian to really stretch the lead a little bit," Van Gundy said. "And then Dwight just took care of everything inside, so things started opening up for guys on the perimeter." Howard had 26 points and 10 rebounds, and Cook, Dooling and  Maurice Evans  each scored 14 for Orlando.  Rashard Lewis  had 16 points, seven rebounds and three blocks and  Hedo Turkoglu  added 13 points. "I think we have a lot of weapons on this team, all the way to the last player," Cook said. Orlando struggled early. The Magic trailed by as many as eight in the first half, when  Kevin Martin  scored 14 of his 21 points. Orlando was 15-of-40 (37.5 percent) from the field through two quarters, while Sacramento went 17-for-39 (43.6 percent). The Magic ended up outshooting the Kings 48 percent to 43 percent. Ron Artest  led Sacramento with 23 points -- seven in the fourth quarter -- and  Brad Miller  scored 17. Martin also had 10 rebounds. "Defensively was really where our big problem was tonight, and giving them a lot of layups," Miller said. "We talked about not giving them open looks at 3's, and obviously Cook hit a bunch and then Dooling started hitting them. Everyone just had a really bad night." The Kings had won three straight since trading  Mike Bibby  to the  Atlanta Hawks  for four players and a draft pick. But none of the guys Sacramento received has contributed much. Guard  Anthony Johnson  averaged 12 minutes in the first three games -- by far the most of the new players -- but didn't enter the game Sunday. Forward  Shelden Williams  has played fewer than 10 minutes in each of the four games, and  Tyronn Lue  and  Lorenzen Wright  haven't played at all. Sitting on a 20-point lead, Van Gundy got so comfortable he even used fan favorite  J.J. Redick . The former Duke star had one point in 2:46.  Carlos Arroyo , once Orlando's starting point guard but a recent bench fixture, was the only active player who didn't get minutes for the Magic. "The bench's role is going to be ever-changing and ever-evolving," Dooling said. "Some nights it's defense and other nights the minutes are not necessarily there, so we just have to come in and affect the game in a positive way, any way we can. Tonight I think we did that." Game notes  Kings coach Reggie Theus played for Orlando in its inaugural 1989-90 season. Appropriately, it was "80s Night" at Amway Arena on Sunday, with music from the decade and cheerleaders in leotards. ... Van Gundy nearly became coach of the Kings in June, after Orlando hired Billy Donovan. The Magic coach was actually in Sacramento the day before Orlando introduced him as their second choice. ... Sacramento has three games left on a five-game road trip. 