HOUSTON (AP) -- The  Houston Rockets  didn't lose in February. March is likely to be a lot more difficult. Tracy McGrady  had 25 points and six assists, and the Rockets beat the  Memphis Grizzlies  116-95 on Friday night to extend their winning streak to 14, the longest in the NBA this season. They are one shy of the longest winning streak in franchise history, reached twice, with the last time coming in their championship season of 1993-94. It was Houston's 18th win in the last 19 games and its second straight since losing All-Star center  Yao Ming  for the season with a stress fracture in his left foot. 
 
 
 
 
 Good Company For Old Men 
 
41-year old Dikembe Mutombo had 13 rebounds in the Rockets' win over the Grizzlies on Friday night, marking the fifth time since the 1986-87 season a player aged 41 or older has grabbed at least 13 rebounds in a single game.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Player 
 Age 
 Rebounds 
 
 
 Robert Parish, BOS 
 42 yrs, 216 days 
 14 
 
 
 Robert Parish, BOS 
 42 yrs, 212 days 
 13 
 
 
 Robert Parish, BOS 
 42 yrs, 209 days 
 17 
 
 
 Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, LAL 
 41 yrs, 331 days 
 13 
 
 
 Dikembe Mutombo, HOU 
 41 yrs, 249 days 
 13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
They'll try to match the record on Sunday against Denver. "It's great. It was a short term goal of ours and we accomplished that," McGrady said of going 14-0 in February. "But despite our sweeping February, we still can't be overconfident. We've got an offensive team coming in here Sunday and we've got to keep it going." The Rockets remain in seventh place in the Western Conference despite their streak and face New Orleans twice in March and also play both San Antonio and the Lakers. Coach Rick Adelman said he finds it strange that people try to diminish the Rockets' mark this month because they beat several bad teams. "It's always interesting because early in the year we were playing all those good teams and we were .500 back and forth and you weren't doing the job," he said. "And now you sweep the month and people bring up the fact that you only played four or five good teams. ... I think it's a terrific accomplishment." The Grizzlies have lost seven straight. This one was never close, with Houston jumping out to a 14-0 lead and keeping a double-digit lead for the rest of the game. It marks the first time in franchise history the Rockets have won five straight games by 10 points or more, and the second in a row in which they haven't trailed. McGrady had 12 points in the third and didn't play in the fourth. The Rockets started  Dikembe Mutombo  in Yao's place the second game, but also used  Carl Landry  and  Luis Scola . Mutombo finished with 13 rebounds, four points and four blocks in 18 minutes, while Scola and Landry had 15 points apiece. "They might run into a tough stretch of games, but there is no reason not to expect they can keep this going without Yao," coach Marc Iavaroni said. "This is a very good team with a lot of weapons and they are playing at the top of their game." Landry got the crowd going on a slam dunk in the fourth quarter where he was pushed by  Kwame Brown . The free throw that followed pushed Houston's lead to 100-78 with about 8 minutes left. Reserves finished the game for Houston. Memphis shot just 39 percent and was outrebounded 53-40. Rookie  Javaris Crittenton  led the Grizzlies with a career-high 22 points and  Kyle Lowry  matched his career best with 18. Houston struggled early in the second quarter, scoring just two points in the first 3 1/2 minutes. Memphis didn't do much better though, scoring only six points in that span to cut the lead to 39-23. Mutombo had a dunk before Memphis scored six straight points to get within 41-29 about seven minutes before halftime. Houston led 60-41 at halftime. The Rockets scored the first 14 points of the game before  Juan Carlos Navarro 's jump shot got Memphis on the board with about 8 minutes left in the quarter. Before that basket, the Grizzlies missed four shots and had two turnovers. Houston then scored nine straight points, capped by a 3-pointer by  Rafer Alston , to make it 23-2. "Early in the game we got pummeled," Iavaroni said. "We missed a lot of open shots and we were so open it seemed like it messed with our minds." Memphis trailed 37-17 at the end of the first quarter. "[Memphis] is a team that is playing for nothing," Mutombo said. "So ... you have to let them know that it's not going to be an easy night for them. You want to knock them right away and I think that's what we did." Luther Head  added 15 points for Houston and Battier had 13. Game notes  Mutombo and  Darko Milicic  were both given technicals after they got tangled up and jawed at each other for a few seconds in the second quarter. ...  Bobby Jones , who was signed to a 10-day contract on Tuesday, had two points for Houston. 