TORONTO (AP) --  Mike Bibby ,  Kevin Martin  and  Ron Artest  were all playing together for the first time this season. The way  Chris Bosh  saw it, this was the perfect time to face the  Sacramento Kings . Bosh had 31 points and the  Toronto Raptors  spoiled Bibby's season debut, beating the Kings 116-91 on Wednesday night. Playing for the first time after missing 36 games with a torn ligament in his left thumb, Bibby's season began when he came off the bench late in the first quarter. Artest subbed in shortly afterward, returning after a nine-game absence because of right elbow surgery. But the new-look lineup knocked the Kings out of synch and they were out of this one early in the third. That was no surprise to Bosh. "When I got the word that Ron and Mike were coming back tonight, I kind of knew it was going to be different for them," Bosh said. "It's a different team. You put two more guys in. You have to play them because they have to get back in shape but they're not all the way there yet. We caught them at the right time." Bibby finished with 19 points, six rebounds, no assists and four turnovers in 29 minutes. "I didn't want the welcome to be like that," Bibby said. "We have to get used to playing with each other again and get everybody on the same page." Coming off a 39-point performance in Monday's win over Dallas, Kevin Martin again led Sacramento, scoring 22 points but acknowledging the Kings need to make some changes. "Anytime you have guys coming back from an injury there's going to be an adjustment period," Martin said. "You just don't know how long it's going to take. Ron and Mike are such a big part of our team. "We're in a situation where everybody has to give a little to gain a little for the team," Martin added. "Some guys have got to give up minutes, some guys have got to give up shots. That might be best for the team." Kings coach Reggie Theus urged his players to be more unselfish. "Right now, everyone who catches the ball takes a look at the rim instead of swinging it," Theus said. "That's a technical thing that can be fixed right away but it's something they have to work out themselves." Artest, who did not speak to media following the game, was held to four points, shooting 2-for-10. Bosh went 11-for-12 from the field and 9-for-10 from the line. "I was just trying to be aggressive and drive to the basket," Bosh said. "At the beginning of the game, I saw a lot of lanes. Guys weren't really concentrating that much on me if I wasn't in the post. Anytime that happens I'm going to try to drive as soon as I catch the ball." Bosh, who added nine rebounds, has scored 20 or more in seven of Toronto's past eight games. "The way he has played the last week and a half, he really cannot play any better," Raptors coach  Sam Mitchell  said. Carlos Delfino  came off the bench to score a career-high 26 and Toronto won for the fourth time in five games. Jose Calderon  had 17 points and 14 assists,  Anthony Parker  had 12 points and  Kris Humphries  had 11. Sacramento's  Brad Miller  had 16 points, but just two in the second half, while  Francisco Garcia  had 10. Toronto closed the second with a 6-0 run to take a 58-50 lead at the half, then opened the third with a 12-4 surge, forcing Sacramento to call timeout at 7:36, down 70-54. Things only got worse from there for the Kings. The Raptors opened a 23-point lead on a three-point play by Parker at 4:19. Eight points from Martin helped the Kings close to within 14 at 84-70, but Toronto reeled off another 6-0 spurt to end the third, taking a 20-point advantage into the final frame. Toronto outrebounded Sacramento 42-29. Game notes  The Kings have lost three straight road games and are 4-13 away from home. ... Sacramento had 20 turnovers. ... Bosh went 9-for-10 from the free-throw line, passing  Vince Carter  to become Toronto's franchise leader in free throws made. ... Calderon became the fifth player in Raptors history to reach 1,000 career assists. 