SAN ANTONIO (AP) -- With his angry coach headed straight for an official,  San Antonio Spurs  guard  Manu Ginobili  pulled out his best defensive moves Thursday night. "I tried to box him out," Ginobili said of his unsuccessful attempt to block coach Gregg Popovich, who was ejected. "I could have done better." Ginobili was a little more successful during the game. His 28 points on 10-of-13 shooting led the Spurs to a 108-97 win over the  Indiana Pacers  and their 11th straight victory. Tony Parker  added 19 points in the game, which wasn't close after halftime.  Tim Duncan  had 12 rebounds and six points on 3-of-11 shooting. Danny Granger  led Indiana, which has lost two straight, with 22 points.  Mike Dunleavy  and  Troy Murphy  each added 13 points. The win keeps the defending NBA champions atop the tight Western Conference and just percentage points ahead of the  Los Angeles Lakers . Indiana is sitting a couple of spots out of playoff contention. "They're just really solid," Dunleavy said. "They've got three great players. On any given night two of them are going to have very good nights. ... They have their principles and stick to them." The Spurs were up by enough late that their starters got a chance to rest on the first night of a five-day, four-game span. All of them played fewer than 28 minutes. "Guys off the bench have to step in and contribute," said reserve  Matt Bonner , who had 15 points for the Spurs. The teams were tied at 27 after one quarter. The Spurs led 50-48 at halftime before taking control in the third quarter. They went on a 14-4 run to open the period and ended up outscoring Indiana 34-21 in the third. Parker's 3-pointer gave San Antonio a 64-52 advantage with 8:02 left in the period.  Bruce Bowen 's back-to-back 3s put them up 74-59 with 3:49 to play. Ginobili scored the Spurs' first five points in the last quarter and the Spurs led by as many as 23. Indiana never got within single digits. Flip Murray  and  Travis Diener  had 11 points apiece for Indiana. Michael Finley  had 12 for the Spurs. Starting with Popovich's ejection with 5:39 left in the first half, the game was testy and physical, even late when it was clear the Spurs would win. "It looked like the game was almost over, we were up 20, and it got a little rough," Ginobili said. Popovich, apparently upset about a non-call against the Pacers, was tossed after he left the bench area while yelling at referee Mark Wunderlich. One of Popovich's assistant coaches, Don Newman, grabbed him and pulled him away. Assistant coach Mike Budenholzer took over. With 1:23 left in the third, Pacers coach Jim O'Brien got a technical for jawing with officials, and in the fourth fans booed Murphy, who got a flagrant foul and fouled out when he pulled  Ime Udoka  to the ground on a drive to the basket. And with less than 30 seconds to go, the Pacers'  David Harrison  got a technical foul. "Through the course of 82 games you have nights like this," Dunleavy said. "Coaches get thrown out, flagrant fouls, stuff like that. I think both teams were competitive and stuff happens." Game notes  The Spurs' jerseys read "Los Spurs" in honor of Noche Latina at the AT  Center. ... Pacers F-C  Jermaine O'Neal  and G  Jamaal Tinsley  were still out, both with left knee injuries. ... Thursday's game was the first of a back-to-back for San Antonio. The team has another back-to-back starting Sunday in Phoenix. ... The Spurs had 22 turnovers, but outrebounded Indiana 47-35. Both teams shot 48 percent from the field. 