OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) -- Even after  Stephen Jackson  scored 12 points in overtime with one clutch shot after another, the Warriors swingman knew who really carried Golden State to a stirring win over the defending NBA champions. "I know if I had a choice between myself and Baron, I'd put the ball in Baron's hands," Jackson said. On Point There were only two games in the NBA on Monday night, but the four teams scored enough points for half the league. 	 	 	 SA-GS 	 	 PHX-DEN 	 
 	Total points	 	251	 	252	 
 	High team points	 	130	 	137	 
 	High scorer points	 	34	 	32	 
 	20-point scorers	 	5	 	6	 
 	10-assist players	 	1	 	1	 
 

 
Over and over, the Warriors did just that against the  San Antonio Spurs  -- and the remarkable  Baron Davis  came through again. Davis had 34 points and 14 assists while creating offense on nearly every possession in the final 10 minutes of Golden State's 130-121 victory Monday night. The style clash between freeflowing Golden State and orderly San Antonio was entertaining throughout, but Davis put on the best show. He had 12 points in the fourth quarter during a stunning series of baskets before the Spurs erased a six-point deficit in the final 47 seconds, forcing overtime on  Tony Parker 's 3-pointer with 6.3 seconds left. Davis simply altered his game, getting three assists and a key basket in overtime as the Warriors pulled away. All told, Davis was responsible for 28 points with baskets and assists in the final 5 minutes of regulation and OT. "I thought our spirits were really down, but somehow we got it back together," coach Don Nelson said. "And I think we can thank Baron for this one." Jackson, who rallied from a terrible start to finish with 29 points, hit two free throws and two 3-pointers on passes from Davis in a 56-second span of overtime. Davis added a silky pullback jumper with 43 seconds to play, ensuring San Antonio's second loss at Golden State in four weeks. Few January games carry more importance than this victory for the Warriors, who won the season series with the Spurs for the first time since 1996-97. They also avoided their first three-game losing streak since beginning the season 0-6. "It was a much-needed victory to scratch that two-game streak we were on," Davis said of consecutive home losses to Denver and New Orleans. "We were consistent, and especially against the champs, we knew we were going to have to play like that. This is one of those victories that can kind of snap you out of it." Tim Duncan , who didn't play in the Spurs' previous trip to Oakland on Dec. 11, had 32 points and 13 rebounds, while Parker finished with 31 points and eight assists. The Warriors' tenacity prevented Spurs coach Gregg Popovich from getting his 600th career victory. "They're going to take some crazy shots," Duncan said. "On a night like tonight where those shots go down, they're a very dangerous club, and unfortunately for us, they went down at some inopportune times." Monta Ellis  and  Kelenna Azubuike  scored 16 points apiece for the Warriors, who blew a 14-point lead in the second half before Davis went to work against  Bruce Bowen , the Spurs' defensive specialist. Davis generated 12 points on four consecutive possessions during the final minutes of regulation with a 3-pointer, two consecutive three-point plays and an assist on Jackson's 3-pointer. Another 3-pointer by Davis put Golden State up 110-104 with 57 seconds left in regulation, but Duncan scored five straight points before Parker's tying shot. Ime Udoka  then stripped the ball from Davis on a drive, and  Mickael Pietrus ' 3-point attempt at the buzzer rattled out. "I thought our effort was great, and in the end we got beat from the 3-point line," Popovich said. "They did a good job knocking down those shots, and hit a couple in overtime. ... We did a great job, and Golden State did a little bit better job. They earned it." Manu Ginobili  scored 20 points for San Antonio in his second game back from a five-game absence with a sprained finger, and Duncan looked solid one day after banging knees with  Corey Maggette  in the Spurs' victory over the Clippers on Sunday. San Antonio opens a four-game homestand against Detroit on Thursday, and Popovich still is looking for his 600th career victory. He's seventh among active coaches -- and still 653 behind Nelson, Popovich's boss for two seasons during Nelson's first stint with the Warriors. "It took me 10 years longer to get 600 wins. What's wrong with that guy?" Nelson cracked before the game. Game notes  Actress Jessica Alba, the fiancee of longtime Davis friend Cash Warren, attended the game. ... The teams traded the lead on 11 consecutive possessions in the second quarter. ... The Warriors planned to sign G C.J. Watson to a 10-day contract when he arrived in Oakland on Monday night. Watson, who starred in college at Tennessee, is averaging 26.4 points per game in the NBA's Development League. ... The Warriors make their only visit of the season to San Antonio on April 1. ... F  Austin Croshere  was available for Golden State after missing 10 games with a strained back. 