SAN ANTONIO --  Tim Duncan  shaved his head -- and clipped the  Golden State Warriors , too. The new-look Duncan scored 20 points in 21 minutes and the suddenly high-scoring  San Antonio Spurs  beat Golden State 123-88 on Saturday night, the Warriors' ninth straight loss. Duncan also had 13 rebounds for his third straight double-double. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Spurs have won two straight and six of their last eight games. 
 
 Each of San Antonio's last six wins have been decided by at least 10 points. 
 
 The Warriors lose their ninth straight contest, allowing at least 120 points for the fourth straight game and fifth time in their last seven.

 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 San Antonio (11-8) entered the game scoring 93.5 points per contest. But the Spurs scored 108 while winning Thursday night at Denver, and their point total against Golden State was a season high for a regulation game. It's the first time this season the Spurs have scored more than 100 points in consecutive games. Golden State's nine-game losing streak is the longest current streak in the NBA. It's the first time the Warriors (5-15) have lost that many in a row since March 27-April 11, 2006. The Warriors shot 37 percent. "It's just one of those things," said  Corey Maggette , who signed a free-agent contract with the Warriors after playing eight seasons for the  Los Angeles Clippers . "I was dealing with this with the Clippers, where we had different situations going on. Trust me, it's getting old. But we have to keep playing, and one of these days it will click." Michael Finley  and  Tony Parker  added 17 points each for the Spurs. Duncan and Finley were both 7-of-10 from the floor, and Parker was 8-of-14 to help the Spurs shoot 55 percent for the game. They shot 61 percent through three quarters, and the Spurs led by as much as 41 points in the fourth quarter. "We did shoot the ball better tonight," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. "Shooting well makes a big difference, obviously." Golden State took the direct route to another loss. The Warriors allowed the Spurs to score on 11 of their first 12 possessions. Six of those came on layups, including two by  Matt Bonner , who added 14 points. It got so bad for Golden State that  Stephen Jackson  took the rest of the night off to rest a bothersome arm injury with the Warriors trailing 51-34 with 6:09 left in the first half. Warriors officials announced the injury as a sprained left hand. San Antonio has scored 30 or more points in the opening two quarters of two consecutive games. The Spurs scored 30 and 31 points in the first two quarters for a season-high 61 points in the first half during the 108-91 victory Thursday at Denver. Against the Warriors, San Antonio had 35 in the first quarter and 30 in the second quarter for another season-high first half. The 35-point first quarter was a point shy of a season high. To add to Golden State's misery, the Spurs scored 39 in the third quarter. "We've had two great games, and hopefully we can keep this going," said  Manu Ginobili , who led the Spurs with nine assists. "We just tried to move the ball. It's the things we always try to do, but sometimes it doesn't work." It's the Spurs' fifth game with both Parker and Ginobili back in the lineup after both missed different portions of the season dealing with ankle injuries. So, Warriors coach Don Nelson lamented the bad timing afterward. "We had hoped to play the Spurs when they were injured," Nelson said, "but we didn't make it in time. We played badly tonight, and they can always make you look worse than you are." While the Warriors looked like themselves on defense -- they give up a league-worst 111.4 points per game -- their typical offensive punch stayed behind in Houston with the 131-112 loss to the Rockets on Friday. It was the third straight game the Warriors had scored more than 110 points. But in the first quarter against the Spurs, Golden State shot 6-of-22 from the floor and was outscored in the paint 18-2. And, now, Golden State has allowed more than 110 points in each of the last even games. Game notes  Golden State is 2-10 on the road this season. ... The Warriors haven't won in San Antonio since Feb. 14, 1997, when they won 108-94 in Gregg Popovich's first season as coach for the Spurs. ... Bonner started his third consecutive game for the Spurs. ... After not traveling with the rest of the Spurs Thursday to Denver because of flu-like symptoms,  Ime Udoka  checked into Saturday's game for the first time with 42 seconds left in the first half. 