ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) -- The numbers say the  Golden State Warriors  are the worst defensive team in the NBA. You might have a hard time convincing the  Orlando Magic  of that. Golden State, last in the NBA in points allowed, held Orlando to just 59 points and 36 percent shooting over the final three quarters while coasting to a 104-95 win over the Magic. Baron Davis  led the way with 33 points and nine rebounds and  Stephen Jackson  added 20 points, but it was the defense that made the difference as the Warriors completed a four-game East Coast swing 3-1. "That was a nice way to end the trip," Golden State coach Don Nelson said. "You would think a game like this would be more difficult for us, but we were up to the challenge and played a terrific second half. We got stronger as the game went along." Orlando scored 36 points and shot 70 percent in the first quarter, including five of six from 3-point territory. However, the Magic turned the ball over 20 times in the game, repeatedly getting stripped anytime they took the ball at the basket. "We didn't do a good enough job protecting the ball," said Magic point guard  Jameer Nelson , who had three turnovers. "They gamble and do a good job of creating turnovers and getting fast breaks off it. That kind of energized them." Dwight Howard  led Orlando with 26 points, 12 rebounds and five blocks.  Hedo Turkoglu  added 23 and  Rashard Lewis  21, but those three also committed 15 turnovers between them. "We made it tough for them," said Jackson, who had 14 of his 20 points in the third quarter when Golden State outscored Orlando 33-16. "It's tough to help out on Dwight and try to stop Rashard and Hedo, but we did a good job of it tonight." The Magic looked listless, according to coach Stan Van Gundy. His team had two days off, while the Warriors were playing their fourth game in five days, yet Golden State outscored Orlando 27-7 on fast-break points and 12-2 on second-chance points. "There is no excuse for what happened tonight," Van Gundy said. "We got beat because their energy level was a lot higher than ours. We just got outplayed." Golden State shot only 35 percent in the first half, but Jackson and Davis sparked a 33-16 run in the third period that allowed the Warriors to seize control of the game.  Monta Ellis  added 16 points and  Al Harrington  14. Jackson and Davis combined for 24 of Golden State's 33 points in the pivotal third period. The Warriors forced six turnovers in the quarter and limited Orlando to 6-for-16 shooting in the quarter. Jackson scored 14 points and had six rebounds in the period. His dunk off a feed from Al Harrington completed an 18-4 run that erased a 60-51 deficit and gave Golden State a 69-64 lead with 3:43 left in the quarter. The Warriors stretched their lead to as many as 11 before settling for an 80-71 advantage going into the final period. The closest the Magic got in the fourth was seven points when  Keyon Dooling  hit a 12-foot jumper with 9:36 to play. Harrington scored on a dunk and Davis followed with a 20-footer to push the lead back to 11 and the Warriors coasted from there. The Magic hit their first four 3-point attempts and five of six in the first quarter to jump out to a 12-point lead. Golden State cut the deficit to 55-47 by halftime. Jackson and Davis got things going in the third quarter and the Warriors took off from there. Game notes  The Warriors have won 18 road games this season, the most since the 1993-94 season when they won 17. ... Dooling returned to the lineup after missing three games with a foot injury. ... Warriors C  Andris Biedrins , the NBA's top field-goal percentage shooter, is 5-for-5 from the field in the two games since returning from an appendectomy. ... The Magic hit five 3-pointers in the first quarter to extend their NBA record streak to 67 games with five or more 3s. ... Golden State was averaging 126 points a game on the first three games of its four-game East Coast trip. 