PHILADELPHIA --  Elton Brand  never lost confidence in his shooting touch. Brand had 23 points and 12 rebounds,  Andre Iguodala  added 15 points and the  Philadelphia 76ers  moved above .500 for the first time this season with an 89-81 victory over the  Golden State Warriors  on Sunday. Brand entered the game shooting 43 percent from the field but was 10-of-22 from the field and registered his seventh double-double in arguably the best performance this season for the 76ers' marquee free agent. Brand left the  Los Angeles Clippers  and for a five-year, $80 million contract with Philadelphia on July 9. "The guys found me in rhythm," said Brand, who hit the game-winning shot against his former team in Friday's 89-88 victory over the Clippers. "It's the same shots I've been shooting all along and they were falling early." Thaddeus Young  contributed 12 points and  Samuel Dalembert  had 16 rebounds for the Sixers, who improved to 7-6 and snapped a five-game losing streak to the Warriors. "It was one of his better games," Sixers coach Maurice Cheeks said of Dalembert. "His 16 rebounds were big, particularly in the early going. We played the big lineup and it played to our advantage." Kelenna Azubuike  scored 16 while  C.J. Watson  and  Stephen Jackson  had 12 apiece for Golden State, which dropped its second in a row.  Andris Biedrins  and  Brandan Wright  had 10 apiece. "I'm not discouraged," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "We had some mistakes at the start of the game that cost us." The high-flying Warriors were held well below the NBA-leading 105.4 points they were averaging before the game. "It's all part of getting better and learning," Wright said. "It's no excuse, but we're not going to get down on ourselves." The Sixers once held a 22-point advantage before Golden State began to chip away. Philadelphia had a 72-62 lead after the third quarter. Golden State scored 14 of the first 18 points in the fourth and tied the game at 76 on a 3-pointer by  Anthony Morrow  with 6:32 left. Leading 84-81,  Andre Miller  hit a 3-pointer with 2:15 remaining for a six-point lead. It was only Miller's third 3-pointer of the season and his second in two games. "Nothing Andre Miller does ever surprises me," Brand said. "He's a heck of a player and he's a winner." Miller added a pair of free throws for an 89-81 advantage. "They fought back and got back into it, but we were able to make some defensive plays and hit some shots," Miller said. After a 14-2 run, including four consecutive 3-pointers -- two by Young and two by Iguodala -- the Sixers pulled ahead 55-35 with 2:19 left in the first half. Philadelphia led 57-39 at halftime. Game notes  Warriors G  Jamal Crawford , who was acquired from the  New York Knicks  on Friday for F  Al Harrington , was not with the team in Philadelphia. Crawford is scheduled to take his physical Monday and then join the Warriors for Tuesday's game at Washington. Dalembert had 11 rebounds in the first quarter.  Dikembe Mutombo  watched the game from a front row seat. The Sixers won despite having zero fast-break points. 