MILWAUKEE (AP) -- Orlando can cross one goal off of its to-do list. Dwight Howard  had 25 points and 11 rebounds to lead the  Orlando Magic  to their franchise-record 24th road victory with a 103-86 win over the  Milwaukee Bucks  on Friday night. It was Orlando's third victory in its last 19 games at the Bradley Center. "Our guys have sort of bought into wanting to raise the bar a bit here," Orlando coach Stan Van Gundy said. "To have the most wins ever, especially with a team that went to the Finals, yeah, I think that's a nice accomplishment. And it's one of the goals we've had on the board for the last week." Rashard Lewis  added 16 points and seven rebounds, and  Carlos Arroyo  had 13 points and nine assists for the Magic, who improved to 24-13 on the road. The team was 15-26 last season. "It feels good," Howard said. "Last year we couldn't win a game on the road." Mo Williams  finished with 18 points and five assists for Milwaukee, which lost its third straight game and ninth in 10 games. "[Howard] is arguably the best center in the league," Williams said. "He's hard to defend." Michael Redd  was just 3-for-16 from the field and had seven points. The Bucks shot 34 percent for the game. "I'd say two-thirds of the shots were good shots," Milwaukee coach Larry Krystkowiak said. "They just didn't go in." Howard scored 8 of his 14 first-quarter points from the free-throw line and Orlando used a 14-0 run in the period to set the tone. "When he gets it going inside ..." Krystkowiak said. "He did his work early." The Magic led 60-43 at the half and the Magic put the game away with a 13-2 run in the third. Howard started the run with two baskets and a 3-pointer by  Hedo Turkoglu  gave Orlando a 69-47 lead with 8:58 left. "I thought Dwight was outstanding," Van Gundy said. "One of his better games of the year. I thought he took control at both ends early in the game." After a basket by Williams, Turkoglu hit another shot before Arroyo hit two free throws and a field goal for a 75-49 lead the biggest of the night with 6:13 remaining. Arroyo's 3-pointer at the third-quarter buzzer gave Orlando an 87-63 lead. "We definitely brought energy from the beginning and we never let them back into the game," Arroyo said. Orlando's  Jameer Nelson  did not play because of a bruised jaw suffered Tuesday against San Antonio. Charlie Bell  (knee) and  Andrew Bogut  (nasal fracture) did not play for Milwaukee, which fell to 2-11 in March and 0-10 on Fridays. Game notes  Milwaukee had 11 fouls and 10 field goals after the first quarter.  Jake Voskuhl  had three in 4 minutes of action. Orlando's previous record of 23 road victories came in the 1995-96 season. The Bucks honored Oscar Robertson at halftime by rededicating his No. 1 jersey. The team also recognized the 20 players from their 40th Anniversary Team. The Magic avoided matching its season-high third game in a row. 