CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) --  Chris Bosh , in his nice-looking suit on the bench, had as many second-chance points as his  Toronto Raptors  teammates. Zero. In a listless performance against one of the NBA's worst teams, the Bosh-less Raptors gave up 30 points to Charlotte's  Jason Richardson , and allowed the Bobcats to dominate the glass in a 110-98 win on Sunday. With their top scorer and rebounder sidelined for perhaps a week with a sore right knee, the Raptors gave up 32 second-chance points. The Bobcats had a 50-37 rebounding advantage in snapping a five-game losing streak. Toronto hardly looked like a team trying to secure home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs. According to the Elias Sports Bureau, the Bobcats' 32-0 edge in second-chance points was the largest differential since it started keeping the statistic in 1996. "We didn't take the team lightly, because if we took them lightly they wouldn't have shot 43 percent," Raptors coach  Sam Mitchell  said. "The tough things, we didn't do them. We didn't box out. They beat us up on the glass. There's nothing else to say." Richardson, taking over the brunt of the scoring with  Gerald Wallace  out indefinitely following a severe concussion, hit 10 of 24 shots and all seven free throws. Rookie  Jared Dudley  added a career-high 17 points and 10 rebounds for Charlotte, which won for only the second time in 14 games. "We're going to continue to fight," coach Sam Vincent said. Anthony Parker  scored 24 points and Bosh's fill-in,  Rasho Nesterovic , added 16 points, but 13 came in the first quarter.  Andrea Bargnani  also failed to step up his game with Toronto's three-time All-Star in street clothes, finishing with six points and five rebounds on 2-of-8 shooting. "I think we were soft tonight, very soft," center  Primoz Brezec  said. "We've got to man up a little bit. Our focus was not there." The Bobcats, who essentially acknowledged they are no longer in the playoff hunt when they waived veteran guard  Jeff McInnis  on Friday, used a young lineup to dominate the second half. Dudley played 36 minutes and his 3-pointer with 3:43 left ended Toronto's comeback hopes.  Matt Carroll , starting for Wallace, scored 15 points. Even second-round pick  Jermareo Davidson  had four points in 15 minutes. "We're just playing out there," Richardson said of the Bobcats' carefree attitude. "We're undermanned, so we're just going out there and playing for pride right now." It was an embarrassing night for the Raptors, two nights after Bosh limped off the floor in the fourth quarter of Friday's loss to Indiana. The Raptors didn't appear to miss him in building an 11-point first-half lead, only to implode after halftime. Charlotte had an 18-2 run and outscored the Raptors 34-21 in the third quarter.  Raymond Felton , back as the primary point guard with McInnis jettisoned, added 17 points, eight assists and one turnover. "Ray was really aggressive of getting the ball and pushing it in transition," Vincent said. "That really created some real nice buckets for us." The Bobcats built the lead to 84-70 in the first minute of the fourth quarter. They held on thanks to the rebounding domination, led by  Emeka Okafor 's 15 boards to go with 14 points. "It's not the first time this has happened," Mitchell said of the rebounding discrepancy. "It's happened to us too often. I understand that's a weakness of our basketball team. But that's no excuse. "You've got to put a body and you've got to go and get the basketball." Game notes  Wallace watched from the bench, the first time he was around the team since he was knocked unconscious against Sacramento on Feb. 22. Vincent said Wallace is scheduled to undergo more tests this week and hopes he'll be cleared to play soon. ... Vincent said there was no urgency to fill McInnis' roster spot. ... Brezec, who accused Vincent before the game for not using him properly, had four points and four fouls in 11 minutes against his former team. ... The Raptors had won four straight in Charlotte. 