MILWAUKEE (AP) --  Caron Butler  made it a point not to block a shot on Friday night. The way the  Washington Wizards  were rolling offensively, they didn't need him to, anyway. Antawn Jamison  scored 24 points, Butler had a happy homecoming and Washington shot 55 percent from the field to beat the listless  Milwaukee Bucks  101-77. Butler, a Racine, Wis.-native, broke his right hand the last time he played in Milwaukee on April 1 by hitting it into the backboard. He missed the playoffs. Wizards coach Eddie Jordan joked before the game that he told Butler not to block a shot. Butler complied, but found other ways to contribute with 13 points, seven rebounds and seven assists in front of a crowd of about 100 friends. "This was a much nicer night for me," Butler said. "We got a win and I was able to walk away healthy." Maybe the Wizards, still without  Gilbert Arenas , should give the Bucks some pointers on how to deal with losing their most potent offensive weapon. Michael Redd  was kneed in the left thigh against Miami on Wednesday night and has a deep bruise. Milwaukee fell to 6-24 since last season without their leading scorer, who is averaging 23.4 points. "Injuries happen," Butler said. "That's how it works in the NBA. We had to take advantage of that." As Arenas recovers from knee surgery, Jamison and Butler have shown they're capable of carrying the Wizards for long stretches logging big minutes. Jamison, a nine-year veteran, is averaging 21.8 points and a career-high 10.8 rebounds, one of only five players in the league averaging 20 and 10. He credits his success to his offseason regimen, which included yoga, pilates and extra conditioning. "I feel great. My body is holding up. I've been able to log some big minutes. It is good to know that you work hard during the offseason, it gives you the opportunity to play well throughout the entire season," Jamison said. "It is really paying off for me this year. And I feel great right now." It was good times all around for Washington, which never trailed in a game that was never competitive. No one played more than 36 minutes even though all the Wizards' starters scored at least nine points and had five rebounds. "We're sharing the basketball and what we talked about most of all was camaraderie and sharing the ball and keeping our rhythm," Jordan said. Charlie Villanueva  had 14 of his team-high 20 points during fourth-quarter garbage time as the Bucks made it all too easy for Washington to do whatever it wanted during any part of the game that mattered. "It was a very difficult night and Michael or no Michael, it's a humbling experience," said Bucks coach Larry Krystkowiak, who didn't agree that it appeared his team quit on Monday after a humiliating 45-point loss at Detroit. "I certainly hope not," Krystkowiak said. "It's a deflated, down team, and I don't like the 'quit' word. We're certainly wounded. Not killed." Just run over, with the Bucks losing seven games this season by 20 points or more. "We are not quitters,"  Bobby Simmons  said. "Coach is in a bad position because of these tough loses, but we have to give it our all and keep playing. Hopefully, we can turn this around." The Wizards used an early 19-4 run to take a 52-31 lead at halftime and went on a 14-0 run early in the second half to double-up Milwaukee, 66-33, with 6:48 left in the third. Washington led by as many as 34. "We were playing great basketball," Butler said. "We moved the ball well and guys got a lot of opportunities that they capitalized on." Milwaukee shot 3-of-18 from 3-point range, and the fans booed loudly at the end of the first quarter with the Bucks already trailing 23-10. By the second half, they were simply too bored to care. "We caught them on a night with no Michael Redd. That was a little bit of shock to them and when something like that happens all of a sudden, it's a shock," Jordan said. "That's a tough thing to get over." Game notes  Redd is day-to-day. ... Bucks owner and Sen. Herb Kohl stayed until the end, sitting six rows behind midcourt. ... At a timeout, referee Dan Crawford went and shook the hand of a young boy sitting in the fourth row who was dressed up as a referee. A little later a toddler in a Redd jersey gave a high-five to Crawford, who was apparently more popular than any of the Bucks' players. ... Jamison had 17 points in the first half on 6-of-8 shooting. 