WASHINGTON -- After his  New Jersey Nets  opened the season by beating the  Washington Wizards  95-85 behind  Vince Carter 's 21 points, coach Lawrence Frank praised all of his players and talked about how guys who didn't even get in helped by being "supportive." Sure, Coach. 
Eventually, Frank did get around to acknowledging Wednesday night what everyone knows about these new-look Nets, saying, "Vince was the hub for us." Carter -- whose teammates elected him the Nets' captain, Frank announced before the game -- scored 15 in the second half. That included a 16-foot fadeaway jumper over  Caron Butler  with a minute left to put the visitors ahead 90-82 and effectively settle a back-and-forth game. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Nets have won 10 of their last 12 games against the Wizards. They also won their third straight season opener after losing the previous three. 
 
 Vince Carter scored 21 points and needs just nine more to tie John Williamson (7,202) for fourth in franchise history. He also needs to play two more games to reach 700 for his career.
 
 Washington has lost three straight season openers and is 3-3 in season openers under coach Eddie Jordan. The last time the Wizards opened the season at home was Nov. 2, 1999, when they defeated the Hawks 94-87.

 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 
 "We showed a lot of poise," said Carter, who had six assists. "The young guys, I told them: 'Play the game because you love it. Have fun. Let the game come to you. If you make a mistake, forget it, don't compound it.'" These are teams that took very different approaches this offseason. The Wizards essentially stayed pat, re-signing All-Stars  Gilbert Arenas  and  Antawn Jamison  to big contracts, while the Nets continued an overhaul that began when they traded away  Jason Kidd . Arenas is sidelined after a third knee operation in 1  years. Washington is also without center  Brendan Haywood , who could miss the season after surgery on his right wrist. The Nets returned only one starter from last season's opening-night roster: Carter, of course. Overall, only three current players -- Carter,  Josh Boone  and  Sean Williams  -- were on the roster at the start of last season, the fewest number of holdovers in franchise history. That is why Frank installed less than half of his offense so far. "We're not going to be a finished product now," the coach said. "This is going to be an evolving thing -- clean up and improve and continue to put in things whenever the group is ready for it. We have hardly anything in." Still, on this night, it was enough. Newcomer  Yi Jianlian  scored 17 points, and former Wizards player  Jarvis Hayes  added 14. They went a combined 13-for-20. Three draft picks made NBA debuts:  Brook Lopez  (eight points, eight rebounds),  Ryan Anderson  (five points, three rebounds, two assists) and  Chris Douglas-Roberts  (two assists). "We feel we have great depth," Frank said. "There's no fall-off in a lot of positions, so there's no reason to pace yourself." It all revolves around Carter. "He just had it going," Wizards coach Eddie Jordan said. "You can't defend him with one guy." Six Wizards scored in double figures, but Jordan wasn't pleased by what he called a lack of energy from his players. Jamison and Butler shot 9-for-29 and totaled 27 points. "You've got to get your main guys to put the stamp on the game, just like Vince Carter did. Just like Yi did. They're their top guys," Jordan said. "And our top guys had to put a stamp on the game, and they didn't do it." One bright spot: Washington center  Etan Thomas  played in his first real NBA game since an April 30, 2007, playoff loss to Cleveland. Thomas missed all of last season after having open-heart surgery, but he looked fit and aggressive Wednesday with 10 points and eight rebounds. "He's back to his normal self," teammate  Andray Blatche  said. When Arenas is healthy, he is the Wizards' top scorer, most creative player and go-to option when they need a buzzer-beater. They certainly could have used him while managing to score only one field goal in the last six minutes Wednesday. Overall, Washington made only 37 percent of its field-goal attempts and 67 percent of its free throws. "That's a killer," said  Antonio Daniels , who is filling in for Arenas in the starting lineup. Arenas has offered varying estimates for when he might be back, and Jordan was vague. "No timetable. Due process. He's on course. He's disciplined about it. He's diligent about it," Jordan said. "And we'll just have to see as it goes along." Game notes  When Blatche sauntered into the Wizards locker room before the game with a fresh haircut, Stevenson recognized the old-school 'do right away, labeling it "The  Shawn Kemp ." ... Washington had six turnovers and shot 5-for-17 in the fourth quarter. 