AUBURN HILLS, Mich. (AP) -- Coming off a lousy performance,  Richard Hamilton  was determined to be more involved in Detroit's offense. Hamilton scored a season-high 39 points and helped the Pistons rebound from an embarrassing loss with a 103-89 victory over the  Toronto Raptors  on Tuesday night. On Sunday, the Pistons lost 89-65 to the last-place  New York Knicks  -- their third defeat in five games -- and Hamilton scored three points. "I didn't really take a lot of shots against New York, so tonight I knew I needed to be aggressive," Hamilton said. "Tonight I just knew they were going to fall." Hamilton hit 16 of 22 shots against Toronto, including a career-high five 3-pointers. "That's my real estate in the corner," he said. "It's like Monopoly. I've got four houses and a hotel on there. It's what I do." Chauncey Billups  added 20 points for Detroit and  Antonio McDyess  had nine points, 13 rebounds and a career-high seven steals. "Dice was huge in this game," Pistons coach Flip Saunders said. "He had a tough, tough matchup tonight --  Chris Bosh  was out there playing great. Dice knew he had a challenge and he stepped up to the plate. Bosh, who averaged 39 points in Toronto's last two games, was held to 16 by the team that passed on him for  Darko Milicic  in the 2003 draft. "I just tried to play him tough," McDyess said. "I forced him to go to his right side, and luckily he turned the ball over and I got the steals." The Pistons led by as many as 13 in the second quarter, but former Pistons guard  Carlos Delfino  scored 14 points, including a buzzer-beating layup, to cut the margin to 51-50 at the half. "This is where I had the best years of my career, so it is always nice to come back to this arena and play well," Delfino said. "When we are making shots, we're good. In the second half, we didn't make shots and just fell down." Toronto didn't have anything left for the third, though. While the Raptors were missing 10 of their first 12 shots, Detroit was slicing up their defense on their way to a 75-57 lead late in the quarter. "We missed a bunch of shots at the start of the second half and they didn't," Bosh said. "They made some defensive adjustments at halftime and it worked." The Raptors rallied again, finishing the quarter with a 8-2 run to get within 12. Wallace, though, started the fourth with a three-point play that included a dunk over  Rasho Nesterovic , and the Raptors were never able to seriously threaten. "This was a good win for us -- we feel good about this one," Billups said. "After the way we played against New York, we had to come out and make a statement." Game notes  Toronto added two points at the end of the third quarter when  Tayshaun Prince  was called for a foul as  Jamario Moon  threw up a desperation shot at the buzzer. Replays showed that Moon appeared to be behind the 3-point line, but the officials gave him two shots after looking at the replay. ... Hamilton was the first Pistons player to score 30 points since he scored 32 on Nov. 11 at Seattle, a span of 32 games. ... Delfino didn't score in the second half. ... Toronto coach  Sam Mitchell  picked up a technical for arguing a fourth-quarter call, but Hamilton missed the free throw. 