CLEVELAND (AP) -- They've got nothing comparable to Boston's rich history, roll call of Hall of Famers or the Celtics' current trifecta of superstars. The  Cleveland Cavaliers , though, have one thing all to themselves --  LeBron James . And more often than not, he's enough. James scored 33 points and barely missed a triple-double as the Cavaliers, playing as well as any team in the NBA, beat Boston for the second time this season with a 114-113 victory on Tuesday night. James added 12 assists, nine rebounds and five steals to pace the Cavaliers. According to Elias Sports Bureau, James joined Wilt Chamberlain (1961-62) as the only players to score at least 30 points in nine straight games against the Celtics. 
"LeBron's just tough. We let him get too comfortable in the first half," Boston coach Doc Rivers said. "When you let a great player get comfortable, you're probably going to lose the game." Mean to the Green How many players can say they are actually tied with Wilt the Stilt in anything? LeBron James can after scoring 33 points against the Celtics on Tuesday, his ninth straight 30+ game against Boston. Player Years Games 
 LeBron James 2004-07 9 
 Wilt Chamberlain 1961-62 9 
 Michael Jordan 1990-91 8 
 Rick Barry 1966-67 8 
 With their ninth win in 11 games, the Cavaliers improved to 15-4 since Dec. 25 and handed the league's best road team just its fifth loss away from home. Cleveland also beat the Celtics here in overtime on Nov. 27. "It definitely means something," James said. "We know we can play with any team in the NBA." For a change, James, who leads the league in fourth-quarter scoring, didn't have to do it all by himself down the stretch. Zydrunas Ilgauskas  added 21 points,  Larry Hughes  had 18 and seldom-used  Ira Newble  had 15 for Cleveland. Also, guard  Daniel Gibson  made a big steal in the final minute to help the Cavs hang on. Ray Allen  scored 24 points and  Paul Pierce  19 for the Celtics, who were again without  Kevin Garnett . The All-Star center missed his fourth straight game with an abdominal strain sustained on Jan. 25, and is likely to sit out Friday's game in Minnesota, his first visit back there since the Timberwolves traded him to Boston last summer. Rivers refused to blame Garnett's absence for the loss. "We're not going to use the Garnett thing as an excuse," Rivers said. "He's not going to be around for the next couple of games. I'm not going to allow them to use that." 
Pierce, too, was slowed by a flu bug that has been working its way through Boston's roster. For three quarters, a matchup between two of the East's top teams looked more like one between two up-and-down Western Conference teams as defense was very scarce. But with the game on the line in the fourth quarter, both teams tightened things up. Movers and Shakers The Cavs, one of the hottest teams in the NBA since Dec. 25, took out another team that has been on the prowl since Christmas, the Celtics. Team W-L Win Pct. Win Streak* 
 Jazz 16-4 .800 9 
 Cavs 15-4 .789 5 
 Hornets 15-5 .750 9 
 Rockets 15-5 .750 5 
 Celtics 14-6 .700 7 
 * -- Longest streak since Dec. 25 
 
 "Usually in games like this one, the first team that plays defense wins," Allen said. "We never got a stop and when we did, the bounce didn't go our way." The Celtics, the league's top defensive team, pulled to 97-96 before James drained a 3-pointer and drove the lane before feeding Ilgauskas inside for a dunk. Gibson then scored on a circus-like scoop shot in the lane and James hit a jumper to put the Cavs up 106-98 with 4:43 left. Boston, though, quickly cut it to two as  Kendrick Perkins  scored on a three-point play and Pierce drained a 3. Rajon Rondo  made a jumper and two free throws as the Celtics pulled within 110-108 with 1:48 remaining. But on Cleveland's next possession, Boston's defense was so concerned about stopping James that the Celtics let Newble, who needed four stitches to close a gash over his right eye after being elbowed by Ilgauskas in the first half, drive the baseline for a dunk. "Our defense was awful," Rivers said. "When you shoot 57 percent and lose, that's a tough one to swallow." Pierce's basket got Boston within two, and the Celtics had a chance to tie it but Gibson stripped Rondo and Ilgauskas made two free throws with 16.6 seconds left to put Cleveland ahead 114-110. James Posey  dropped a 3-pointer for Boston at the horn to close the scoring. Already playing without  Sasha Pavlovic  (sprained foot) and  Anderson Varejao  (sprained ankle), the Cavaliers lost forward  Drew Gooden  early in the third with a strained right groin. Gooden hurt himself while crashing the boards, grabbing a rebound and dunking over an unsuspecting Allen. Gooden immediately grabbed his leg in pain, told James to call a timeout and limped to the locker room. Gooden said he expects to play Thursday at Houston. Game notes  Ilgauskas (1,088) moved past Larry Nance (1,087) for second on the Cavs' career blocks list. John "Hot Rod" Williams is first with 1,200. ... Since coming into the NBA, James has engaged in some heated trash talk with the Celtics, whom he says are among the league's chattiest squads. "They're up there," he said. "Them and the Pistons. They talk but they back it up. Sometimes it can get annoying, but they can back it up." So who's the quietest team? "Utah," he said. "They don't say nothing, they just kick your butt." ... Rivers has a strong connection with the Cavaliers. His uncle, Jim Brewer, played for Cleveland from 1973-79. As a kid, Rivers also attended a basketball camp in Cleveland hosted by former Cavs guard Austin Carr, the club's second-leading career scorer. "I loved his shooting," Rivers said of Carr, currently a Cavs TV analyst. "It was a beautiful thing to watch." 