MIAMI -- For a team less than three years removed from winning an NBA championship, a three-game winning streak might seem like no big deal. But to the  Miami Heat , it's a significant step forward. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Dwyane Wade has scored more than 30 points in nine of his last 16 games.
 
 Miami wins three consecutive games for the first time since April 2007.
 
 The Heat have won six of their last seven games against the Thunder franchise.

 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 NBA scoring leader  Dwyane Wade  scored 25 of his 38 points in the first half and Miami beat the reeling  Oklahoma City Thunder  105-99 on Saturday night. The Heat have won three straight for the first time since April 2007, ending the second-longest drought in the league -- only Minnesota has gone longer without such a spurt. "We don't want to stop, either," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. "We have to maintain our focus and keep on moving forward. Particularly with this group, I don't want us to relax at all." That's exactly what Miami did in the fourth quarter, nearly blowing the game. Down by 15 entering the fourth, Oklahoma City opened the final period with a 20-5 run over the first 5:57, getting nine points from  Kevin Durant  over that spurt and pulling into a 90-all tie. But the Thunder never managed to take the lead, and Miami escaped after holding Oklahoma City without a field goal for a 5 1/2-minute stretch of the fourth. "We should have never let them back in the ballgame," Wade said. Udonis Haslem  finished with 15 points and 14 rebounds for Miami.  Shawn Marion  added 15 points and 12 rebounds for the Heat (11-9), who also got 15 points from  Mario Chalmers  -- including a key 3-pointer to break that tie midway through the fourth. Russell Westbrook  scored 30 points for Oklahoma City (2-19), which matched the fifth-worst 21-game start in league history. Four teams, most recently the 1993-94  Dallas Mavericks , opened 1-20. That doesn't mean the Thunder were pushovers. "Our guys fought and competed," Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  said. "We came up short. Not one guy in there is happy with moral victories. We have enough of those." Jeff Green  scored 21 points for the Thunder. Durant added 18,  Nick Collison  scored 14, and  Earl Watson  had a game-high 12 assists. Wade, who also had seven assists and five rebounds, started quickly, getting 11 points in a span of 3:03 in the first quarter, helping the Heat score a season-best 36 points in the period and open a nine-point lead. Miami saw the margin swell to 12 midway through the second quarter and then to 15 when Wade soared past  Desmond Mason  and Collison for what became a three-point play with 2.8 seconds remaining in the third, as cries of "M-V-P! M-V-P!" rained down from the stands. It only seemed to inspire the Thunder. With Durant and Collison leading the way in the fourth, Oklahoma City made things far more interesting than the Heat wanted. "We were right there," Westbrook said. "As long as we keep pushing, we will be all right." But when Wade came off the bench, when he'd been since the start of the fourth, order was restored. He found Chalmers for a 3-pointer, then hit Marion for another score, and then hit a short fadeaway to give Miami some breathing room in the form of a 97-91 lead with 3:27 remaining. Wade entered the night averaging an NBA-best 28.4 points, and exceeded that by the midpoint of the third quarter -- adding to his margin over Cleveland's  LeBron James  in the league scoring race. Wade is now averaging 28.9 points; James, who scored 25 points in Cleveland's easy win at Charlotte, is at 26.5 per game. "A basketball game is way more than scoring," Wade said. "It's all about wins and all about what we're doing on the defensive end." Game notes  Most of the NBA already has enjoyed three-game winning streak this season. Still waiting: Chicago, Milwaukee, Charlotte, Golden State, Washington, Minnesota, Oklahoma City, Memphis and the  Los Angeles Clippers . ... The Heat began a five-game stretch where they'll face four teams with records currently below .500. ... Westbrook nearly missed a breakaway dunk with 3:55 left in the third, but the ball bounced off the rim and down through the net. ... The 11-9 start is Miami's best since 2004-05 -- and is one game better than where the Heat were after 20 games in their 2005-06 championship season. ... Haslem has had at least 13 rebounds in three straight games. 