CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) -- With only eight players available -- none a point guard -- the  Charlotte Bobcats  nearly pulled off their second stunner of the week against an elite team. And while the scoreboard read that the  Detroit Pistons  had prevailed in overtime, 103-100 on Saturday night, Bobcats coach Sam Vincent wasn't buying it, steamed over a basket interference call with 1.5 seconds left that wiped out a go-ahead basket for Charlotte. "To me it was completely legal play," Vincent said after watching several replays of the call against  Emeka Okafor . "It's very disappointing for me to have our guys be so underhanded and fight so hard to win a game and have it taken away by a whistle." 
 Elias Says 
 
 
 Billups Chauncey Billups's game-tying 3-pointer marked the first time this season that the Pistons had made a 3 in the last two minutes of the fourth quarter or an overtime period with the score of the game within three points; Detroit had previously been 0-for-7 on such 3-point attempts, with Billups himself 0-for-4.
 The Pistons avoided a third loss in four games thanks to the key call and  Richard Hamilton 's late heroics. He hit the go-ahead jumper with 16.2 seconds left. After the call that eliminated  Nazr Mohammed 's tip-in, Hamilton hit two free throws with 0.2 seconds left. "It was tough," said Hamilton, who scored 26 points and acknowledged they let down against an undermanned team. "That's why it's better for them to have everybody." Chauncey Billups  scored 27 points and  Tayshaun Prince  added 22 for the Pistons, who narrowly avoided joining Boston as Charlotte's second upset victim in four days. One night after losing in double-overtime to Cleveland, the Bobcats were without  Raymond Felton  (ankle) and  Jeff McInnis  (thigh) and the emergency point guard,  Derek Anderson  (knee). Predictably, the Bobcats fell behind 31-17 in the first quarter, only to stage a remarkable comeback with a patchwork lineup and a zone defense that frustrated the Pistons. Gerald Wallace  scored 26 points,  Jason Richardson  added 20 and Okafor had 19 points and 15 rebounds for the Bobcats, who stunned the Celtics on Wednesday. Charlotte took the lead late in the third quarter, and built an 89-84 advantage on Wallace's driving layup with 3:23 left. The Pistons rallied, tying the game on Billups' off-balance 3-pointer with 1:17 left. Charlotte and Detroit then each came up empty on two trips to force overtime. The lead changed hands six times in OT, and Charlotte initially thought it had taken the lead when former Piston Mohammed, who had 19 points and 13 rebounds, tipped in Richardson's miss. But referee Marc Davis called basket interference on Okafor, who deflected Richardson's short shot before it ended in Mohammed's hands. Okafor believed the shot wasn't going to hit the rim. "If I thought it was going to hit the rim I would have let it go," Okafor said. Vincent was convinced the ball was short of the rim and not in the cylinder above the basket. He indicated the Bobcats planned to complain to the league and even suggested the unlikely scenario of replaying the end of the game, after the NBA's decision to replay the last minute of Miami's loss to Atlanta because of a scorekeeping error. "I'm sure we're going to contact the league," Vincent said. "We'd like to do what Miami did and play the last minute over again, also. I believe it would be justified." Instead, the Bobcats will likely have to remember another heartbreaking defeat despite a spirited effort. Having no point guard left some odd sights. Wallace sometimes brought the ball up the floor, 3-point specialist  Matt Carroll  ran plays and even rookie forward  Jared Dudley  once flailed his arms to direct traffic at the top of the key. Yet, it worked against the Pistons, who appeared flat after a three-game stretch against powers Boston, Dallas and San Antonio. The Pistons, lacking energy after their quick start, settling for jumpers against Charlotte's zone. The Pistons were 7 of 29 from 3-point range. Coach Flip Saunders, who said he never remembered one of his teams taking so many 3s, was especially upset at Hamilton's 2 of 9 shooting from 3. "I thought he was at the state fair or something trying to win a stuffed animal," Saunders said. Saunders tried to get the Pistons out of their funk by going to different lineups, including stretches for former Bobcats  Walter Herrmann  and  Primoz Brezec , acquired for Mohammed in a deal between the teams last month. In the first matchup since the trade, Brezec had a three-point play early in the fourth quarter to put Detroit ahead 78-73, before Charlotte rallied again. "We didn't have a point guard, some guys played 50 minutes last night," Wallace said. "We came out fighting and it says a lot about our team." Game notes  Felton and McInnis both thought they'd be able to play Monday against Denver. "I'm going to go no matter what," Felton said ... Mohammed said he holds no hard feelings toward Detroit, but misses the Pistons' camaraderie. "I don't think I ever experienced another team where 1 through 15, you like every guy on the team," Mohammed said. ... Prince took an inadvertent elbow to the nose from Wallace midway through the third quarter and was on the floor for several minutes before returning. 