MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) -- The  Shaquille O'Neal  project in Phoenix is progressing, perhaps a bit slower than some might have expected. Steve Nash  had 25 points and 13 assists and O'Neal added 13 points to go along with 11 rebounds, leading the Suns to a 127-113 win over the  Memphis Grizzlies  on Tuesday night. The recently acquired O'Neal had his best game as a Sun. Despite not playing the fourth quarter, O'Neal got his first double-double since joining the Phoenix lineup Feb. 20. "I wasn't going to put Shaq out there to go against 3-point shooters," said Phoenix coach Mike D'Antoni of his decision to keep O'Neal on the bench in the final quarter. "Against big guys, Shaq will be able to keep us [away] from double-teaming down, but at the same time we need to run." O'Neal said he is beginning to understand his role on the team and he accepts it. "I'm still trying to fit in," O'Neal said. "While I'm fitting in I'm just trying to do little things like getting all the rebounds, ignite the break when they double hit the open guy." Nash had his first double-digit assist game since the Suns made the move for O'Neal. He said he always knew the process of acclimating O'Neal to Phoenix's unique brand of basketball wouldn't be a quick one. "We've still got a lot of things to work out and finding that cohesion," Nash said. "It's possible that it could take us the rest of the season." Amare Stoudemire  scored 25 points for the Suns and  Grant Hill  had 23. The Suns, who have won six straight against the Grizzlies and three in a row in Memphis, stretched their lead to 14 in the second quarter on the strength of a 17-5 run. The Grizzlies shaved the Suns' lead to just one on  Darko Milicic 's three-point play just before the end of the third quarter. Memphis took the lead on  Rudy Gay 's 3-pointer just two minutes into final quarter. Phoenix was unfazed. Its breakneck speed in transition led to a 19-8 fourth-quarter run to seal the win. "They are a veteran team," said Memphis guard  Mike Conley . "They are trained to hit those big shots that they made. ... We tried to go to a zone and they kind of just picked it apart. They really executed in the fourth quarter and played like a veteran team." Gay led the Grizzlies with a career-high 36 points. The Grizzlies have lost 12 of their last 13 games, their worst stretch of the season. "I don't think they had an answer for [Gay] tonight," said Memphis coach Marc Iavaroni. "I think they were just trying to outscore us." Hakim Warrick  scored 16 points and grabbed 11 rebounds. In the last seven games, Warrick has averaged 20 points and nine rebounds, filling the spot in the lineup left vacant by  Pau Gasol , who was traded to the Lakers. Conley had 15 points and a career-high 11 assists, the most by any Memphis player this season. Grizzlies guard  Mike Miller  sat out his fourth game with a sore back. Without the veteran, Memphis put together a very young starting five whose most experienced member was fifth-year player Milicic. In the games Miller has missed, the Grizzlies had failed to break 90 points until their loss to the Suns. The Suns made five of their nine 3-point attempts in the fourth quarter. Game notes  Memphis has not beaten a team with a winning record since Dec. 19 against San Antonio. ... The Suns were coming off their worst loss of the season, a 30-point debacle at the hands of Detroit. ... Phoenix has won six straight against the Grizzlies. ... The Suns scored 85 and 86 points in their previous two games, their lowest two-game total in more than three years. ... The Grizzlies made all 13 of their free throws. It marks the first time this season they've been perfect from the line. 