SALT LAKE CITY -- Maybe a winning record will help  Dwyane Wade  get over his migraine. Wade overcame his headache and foul trouble while leading Miami to a 93-89 victory over the short-handed  Utah Jazz  on Wednesday night, getting the Heat back above .500 as they ended a five-game Western Conference road trip. "I was going to play. Anything I can do to help my guys and try to get a win," said Wade, who had 23 points and five assists. The Heat won three of five on the trip and improved to 10-9 -- just five games short of last season's total of 15 wins. The Jazz were missing a large chunk of their regular lineup and the Heat took advantage inside, outrebounding Utah 45-38 as injured forwards  Carlos Boozer ,  Andrei Kirilenko  and  Matt Harpring  watched from Utah's bench in suits. Udonis Haslem  had 13 rebounds and  Joel Anthony  had four blocks for the Heat, who held off several runs by the Jazz and went 9-of-11 from the foul line in the fourth quarter to seal it. "They kept on coming, they wouldn't go away," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. "I thought their resiliency was good. It definitely helped us that they had some of their main guys out." Paul Millsap  led Utah with 20 points and 13 rebounds. Deron Williams , playing in his fifth straight game after missing most of the first month of the season with a sprained ankle, had 13 points and five assists. The Jazz fell behind by 16 early in the fourth quarter and didn't have enough to rally against the Heat after a comeback Tuesday night in a win at Sacramento. Utah was 29-for-73 and just 4-for-15 on 3-pointers. "We just don't have a whole lot of rhythm right now," Utah's  Kyle Korver  said. Shawn Marion  scored 15,  Michael Beasley  had 12 points and reserve  Chris Quinn  added six assists for Miami. The Jazz closed the third on an 8-2 run to get within 74-65 entering the final period. It was the first time the Jazz had gotten the lead within single digits since the Heat opened the second half with a 16-2 run and pulled ahead by as much as 16. "They showed a good deal more of desire to try and win the ballgame," Utah coach Jerry Sloan said. "I thought we had ourselves in a tough situation most of the night." The Heat never let the Jazz get closer than seven until Williams' 3-pointer with 1:11 remaining cut it to 93-87. After a miss by the Heat, Williams found Millsap under the basket for a layup that got Utah within four with 37 seconds left. The quick scores revived the hopes of the remaining fans, but after a timeout the Heat just put the ball in Wade's hands and he waited out most of the shot clock before missing a jumper. The Jazz got the rebound, but were slow to get the ball up the court. Williams missed a 3-pointer that would have gotten Utah within a point in the final seconds. Game notes  Miami has won nine of the last 10 meetings against Utah. ... Boozer missed his eighth straight game with a strained tendon in his left thigh. ... Utah's injuries got worse when backup center  Kyrylo Fesenko  strained his lower back during warmups. ... Wade played the final few minutes with five fouls. 