ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) -- The  Orlando Magic  found their shooting touch -- beyond 23 feet. Rashard Lewis  made three of five 3-pointers in scoring 21 points,  Dwight Howard  had 23 points and 13 rebounds and the Orlando Magic beat the  Cleveland Cavaliers  104-90 Monday night. 
 
 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
Orlando was 14-for-32 from 3-point range in its win over Cleveland Monday night. It was the sixth time this season that the Magic made that many 3s in a game. Golden State (seven) is the only team with more such games than the Magic this season.
 
 
 Read more  Elias Says 
 
 
 
 Orlando shot better from 3-point range (43.8 percent) than it did overall (39.5 percent). The Magic won despite getting outscored 22-3 on fastbreak points and 46-34 in the paint. "The main focus is to get the ball inside to Dwight," Lewis said. "Obviously he demands so much attention and they can't guard him 1-on-1. They try to clog the paint and they leave us wide open out on the wing, so we take what they give us." LeBron James  had 30 points, nine rebounds and six assists for Cleveland.  Delonte West  had 16 points and  Sasha Pavlovic  added 14. Cleveland must have known it wasn't their night when  Jameer Nelson , who was 2-for-12 from the field, sank Orlando's 14th 3-pointer on its 32nd attempt. It rimmed out, then bounced off the backboard and in with 2:30 left. "They made shots that they didn't make in the first half," James said. "They are a team that shoots the ball very well. They hit a lot of 3-pointers, and when they do that it is tough to come back. We just never recovered from that." Hedo Turkoglu  had 18 points and seven rebounds and  Maurice Evans  had 10 points for Orlando. Nelson had seven assists but only six points. Cleveland led 45-40 at halftime, and by as many as 10 in the third quarter before Orlando made a run. Evans, Turkoglu and Lewis each hit consecutive 3-pointers and Nelson capped it with a 3-point play to give the Magic a 73-72 lead at the end of the third quarter. "We had to change our coverage and they still hit a couple on us," Cleveland coach Mike Brown said. James nearly kept Cleveland in the game by himself in the fourth, scoring seven of its first nine points. Four of them were on seemingly effortless dunks. But the Cavaliers went more than four minutes without a bucket, missing three straight free throws (one from James and two from  Zydrunas Ilgauskas ). Turkoglu sealed the win with a 3-pointer to put the Magic ahead 89-81 with 5:35 left. Game notes  Orlando leads the season series 2-1. The teams play again April 5 in Cleveland. ...  Tiger Woods  watched from courtside, a day after winning the  Arnold Palmer  Invitational at nearby Bay Hill. ... Orlando F  Pat Garrity  made an unusual first half appearance after both Lewis and  Brian Cook  got into early foul trouble. Garrity scored five points in 17:40. 