TORONTO (AP) -- The  Indiana Pacers  shook off the absence of some big-name players, while the  Toronto Raptors  couldn't overcome the loss of their best big man. Mike Dunleavy  matched his career high with 36 points,  Kareem Rush  added 23 and the Pacers beat the Raptors 122-111 on Friday night. Troy Murphy  scored 18 and  Stephen Graham  had 16 as the Pacers won for just the second time in their past seven games. "Our guys showed the type of guts we needed them to show," Pacers coach Jim O'Brien said. Already without forward  Jermaine O'Neal  and  Jamaal Tinsley , both of whom have sore left knees, Indiana also had to make do without leading scorer and rebounder  Danny Granger , who served a one-game suspension for striking Chicago's  Andres Nocioni  in the face on Wednesday. The Pacers were also without forward  Shawne Williams , who did not travel to Toronto. Williams left the team for personal reasons Wednesday when a man was arrested for murder after leaving Williams' Indianapolis home. "We've dealt with that all year long," Dunleavy said of playing short-handed. "It seems like each game there's been somebody out, maybe more than one person in a couple of cases. It's something we're used to. This team will stick with it. We've had some tough times but we'll stay together and fight through it." Toronto lost forward  Chris Bosh  late in the first quarter to a sore right knee. He finished with seven points and five rebounds. "Hopefully it's not serious because we definitely need him, his inside presence," guard  T.J. Ford  said. "He's an All-Star, so we definitely need him, especially right now." Andrea Bargnani  had 27 points but fouled out with 1:42 remaining.  Anthony Parker  added 25 as Toronto's three-game winning streak ended. The Raptors have won five of seven. Ford had 15 points, but only two in the second half, and  Jose Calderon  finished with 13 for Toronto. Starting in place of Granger, Rush made his first four shots, including a pair of 3-pointers, as the Pacers opened a 26-15 lead with 3:53 left in the first. "When shots are going in, everybody is a little more relaxed," Rush said. "We got a nice little lead up there, guys played a little bit freely and we just kept the pressure on." Already trailing, Toronto took another hit when Bosh left with 2:23 remaining in the first. Bosh, who battled a sore left knee in the preseason, tweaked his right knee in Monday's win at Indianapolis and felt sore again following Wednesday's home win over Minnesota. When the pain persisted Friday, Bosh sat down to avoid further injury. "I didn't play that well on defense," Bosh said. "I gave up some buckets I wouldn't usually give up. I didn't feel that I would be effective out there." An MRI of Bosh's knee revealed no structural damage, only minor swelling, leaving Bosh optimistic that he'd be healthy for Toronto's coming road trip to Charlotte, Orlando and Miami. "I think I know my body now," he said. "I've had things similar to this. I know if I take care of it, I'll be fine." With Bosh out, Toronto went small, playing guards Calderon and Ford together for most of the second. Ford had 11 points in the quarter as the Raptors cut the deficit to 61-54 at the break. Toronto kept coming in the third, closing to 74-73 on a 3-pointer from Parker. But after  Travis Diener  hit a jumper, Dunleavy scored Indiana's next 11 points as the Pacers took an 89-81 edge into the fourth. "Mike got on a roll in that third quarter," Diener said. "They cut it to one and luckily for us they couldn't get over that hump." Marquis Daniels  finished with 12 points, while Diener had 10. Game notes  The Raptors have hired former NBA coach  John Lucas  as a basketball development consultant for the remainder of the 2007-08 season. Lucas is not a member of the coaching staff, but will continue to perform conditioning work with Ford, who has been limited to 26 games this season because of injuries. 