SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) -- A 3-pointer late in the third quarter kept  Quincy Douby  in the game for Sacramento, and that turned out to be a good thing for the Kings. With Douby playing an unlikely fourth quarter role and  Kevin Martin  scoring 27 points, the Kings were able to pull away to beat Utah 117-104 Friday night, ending the Jazz's 10-game winning streak. A reserve guard averaging just under 12 minutes per game, Douby made three 3-pointers and scored 12 of his season-high 15 points in the fourth quarter against the Jazz when he played all 12 minutes as veterans Martin and  Mike Bibby  never left the bench. Ahead by one point after three quarters, Sacramento outscored Utah 29-17 in the fourth. "I saw  Ron Artest  about to sub in, so I tried to get off a quick shot when [ Kyle] Korver  was backing up on me," said Douby, whose 3 came with 17 seconds left in the third and put the Kings ahead for good, 88-87. "I think that's why he [coach Reggie Theus] kept me in, I was in a rhythm." Douby shared the fourth quarter spotlight with  John Salmons , another reserve who has averaged nearly 20 points a game as a starter this season for the injury-plagued Kings, who have won eight of 11 games. Salmons scored nine fourth quarter points and combined with Douby to give the Kings some solid defensive play as well. Utah missed 14 of 21 shots in the final quarter. "That's the thing with Reggie, he will milk a player if they've got it going, that's a good thing," said Salmons, who finished with 13 points, six rebounds, three assists and two blocks. Artest had 22 points and eight rebounds for Sacramento, which won four of five on its homestand.  Brad Miller , who missed the previous game after cutting his right index finger on Sunday while washing the dishes, had 15 points and eight rebounds. Salmons made back-to-back driving layups and Douby had consecutive 3-pointers in a 10-4 run that put the Kings ahead 109-99 with 5:10 remaining. "He [Douby] came in and hit some big shots and also put some pressure on us defensively," Utah guard  Deron Williams  said. "It was a big night for him." Carlos Boozer  had 23 points and 12 rebounds for Utah, which has not won 11 straight games since April 1999. Williams had 18 points and nine assists,  Andrei Kirilenko  scored 14 points,  Matt Harpring  had 13, and  Mehmet Okur  and  Ronnie Price  added 11 each. "They just came after us, they played a great game," Utah coach Jerry Sloan said. "They did a great job of pushing the ball and executing their offense. We seemed to not be able to handle it in the fourth, they were beating us down the court and outhustling us." The Jazz had their winning streak end at Arco Arena, where they have lost 11 of their last 14 trips, most of them lopsided. Utah also lost for just the third time in 19 games since Dec. 29, when a nearly monthlong slump left them at 16-16. The Kings were helped by shooting 40-for-50 from the free-throw line and they outrebounded the Jazz 54-39 in a physical game. "This was a big one for us, we needed it," said Artest, referring to the Kings' next stretch of nine of 10 on the road. "They are a good team and had won 10 straight." Coming off a season-low five points, Martin got going right away, making four 3-pointers in the opening quarter and scoring 16 points. Trailing since the game's opening minutes, the Jazz scored nine straight points to take a 77-73 on Boozer's driving layup at the 4:46 mark in the third quarter. But Douby's 3-pointer with 17 seconds left put the Kings ahead 88-87 heading into the final quarter. Martin scored 22 points in the first half as the Kings shot 56 percent and led 58-57 at the break. Game notes  Artest threw down a vicious dunk in the second quarter and was fouled by  C.J. Miles . Artest high-fived several fans, then stepped to the line and completed a three-point play. ... Averaging 20.3 points in the previous three games, Korver was scoreless through three quarters and finished with four points for Utah. ... Price, a former King, made two 3-pointers in the first half, but drew more jeers for inadvertently kneeing  Francisco Garcia  in the back late in the second quarter. Garcia lay on the floor for several minutes before walking slowly to the locker room, leaving the game for good with a strained lower back. 