SALT LAKE CITY -- Even when he missed,  Derrick Rose  was on target. The Chicago rookie tied his career high with nine assists and accidentally set up  Larry Hughes ' game-winning shot as the Bulls beat the Jazz 101-100 on Monday night, giving Utah its first home loss of the season. With Chicago trailing 100-99, Rose took an 18-foot jumper that bounced high off the rim and right to Hughes, who beat the buzzer and the Jazz from 22 feet away. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Larry Hughes hit a jumper at the buzzer to help the Bulls improve to 2-3 on their current 7-game road trip.
 
 The Jazz suffered their first home loss of the season (6-1) and snapped a 15-game home win streak dating to last season.
 
 Rookie Derrick Rose led the Bulls with 25 points.
 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 


 "We needed that win and we didn't care how we got it," said Rose, who scored 10 of his 25 points in the fourth quarter. Rose, the No. 1 overall pick in the draft, was one point off his career high and kept the Bulls in it as the lead went back-and-forth until Hughes' shot at the buzzer. "Derrick was penetrating, making plays for himself and finding people, so I just wanted to get the ball in his hands," Chicago coach  Vinny Del Negro  said. "He's only going to get better as the season goes along." The Bulls were just 1-6 on the road this season and nobody had beaten Utah at home since the Lakers last March. The Jazz had won 14 straight at home, but had only a patchwork lineup to play Monday night with starters  Deron Williams  (ankle),  Carlos Boozer  (quad) and three other regulars out with injuries. The teams had to use temporary shot clocks on the floor, so it was difficult to tell if Hughes' shot counted. The Bulls had no doubt as they charged the floor from their bench as the Jazz stood stunned. The play was reviewed and the shot stood to give the Bulls their second road win of the season. "I've never had a walk-off with no time on the clock," said Hughes, who finished with 16 points. "I've hit some game winners, but never without any time on the clock." Mehmet Okur  had 26 points and nine rebounds for the Jazz, who outscored the Bulls 30-19 in the third quarter, but didn't have enough to hold off Chicago down the stretch. "We needed a stop somewhere in that last span," said Utah's  Ronnie Price , who had 11 points and eight assists. "We kept trading baskets and you can't win games trading baskets, especially when they hit the last one." C.J. Miles  put back a rebound with 11 seconds remaining to put the Jazz up 100-99, but that was enough time for the Bulls to get it back up the court. Rose's shot missed, but the rebound kicked right out to Hughes for the game-winner. "When the shot goes up, you've got to know who's out on the floor," Utah coach Jerry Sloan said. "You've got to guard the guy out on the floor and be ready to guard him. I thought we did a pretty decent job except way out on the wings we got caught." Drew Gooden  had 18 points and  Ben Gordon  scored 15 for the Bulls, who improved to 2-3 on a seven-game road trip. Chicago's bench outscored Utah's 21-12 and the Bulls finished 41-for-80 from the floor with Rose making 10 of 18 and all four of his foul shots. Paul Millsap  had 21 points and 10 rebounds in his second start for Boozer before fouling out with 1:18 left in the game. The Jazz also lost reserve point guard  Brevin Knight  with a sprained left index finger early in the fourth. Brewer scored 18 for Utah, which was 14-for-20 in third quarter while outscoring Chicago 30-19 but couldn't hang on to the lead. Game notes  Chicago's  Luol Deng  returned after missing three straight games with a strained left hamstring. ...  Joakim Noah  was the only Chicago starter not to score in double figures, finishing with six points and seven rebounds. ... The Jazz were missing Williams, Boozer, F  Kyle Korver  (wrist), F  Matt Harpring  (back) and C  Jarron Collins  (elbow). 