EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. --  Derrick Rose  doesn't remember what he was doing on April 17, 2001. "I was in grammar school, probably in the sixth grade," Rose said after leading the  Chicago Bulls  to their first victory in New Jersey since that date, 100-87 over the Nets on Monday night. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Derrick Rose had 21 points and a career-high 13 assists and Ben Gordon added 24 points as the Bulls snapped a 13-game losing streak at New Jersey. 
 
 The win snapped a seven-game road losing streak for the Bulls. 
 
 The Nets fell to 5-12 at home this season (they're 10-4 on the road) and have lost eight of 12 overall.
 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 





 The No. 1 overall pick in the 2008 draft had 21 points and a season-high 13 assists, while  Ben Gordon  scored 24 points. "I wasn't even thinking of the NBA back then," Rose said. "I had no idea what was going on this franchise, but I'm beginning to learn a lot now." In 2001, Ben Gordon was still a student at Connecticut, but he somewhat knew that the Bulls had a 13-game losing streak in New Jersey. "I didn't know the number of games and the years, but I knew it had been a long time," Gordon said. "It was crazy, man, crazy, that it had been that long. We've been struggling on the road all season and we really needed to get a win." The Nets continued their poor play at home, falling to 5-12, the second-worst mark in the Eastern Conference. The Nets (15-16) are 10-4 on the road. "I try not to worry about it,"  Vince Carter  said. "I tried to set the tone by coming out strong. I felt like I had to provide a spark." Andres Nocioni  and  Larry Hughes  each added 17 points for the Bulls (14-17), who won for only the fourth time in 18 road games this season. It was Chicago's first win in New Jersey since 2001, snapping a 13-game losing streak. Carter scored 31 points and  Devin Harris  added 26, 18 in the second half. Josh Boone 's slam dunk tied the game for the final time at 86 before Chicago pulled away in the final four minutes. Gordon made a long 3-pointer, then converted a four-point play to push the lead to 97-86 with 1:46 left. "We were able to weather their run in the third quarter and managed to put the game out of reach late," Gordon said. The Nets went scoreless for a span of 4:20 before Carter made a meaningless free throw with just 15 seconds left. "We just ran out of baskets offensively and couldn't buy one," Nets coach Lawrence Frank said. "Give Chicago credit. They turned up the defense. We missed some open looks and our mistakes just sort of multiplied." Chicago led by 13 in the first quarter and was ahead 43-29 with 7:20 remaining in the first half before the Nets crawled back into the game with an 8-0 run. The Bulls led 54-49 at the half. Carter had 20 points at the half, with Gordon leading the Bulls with 15 and Hughes adding 13. The Nets scored the first 11 points of the second half to regain the lead, with Harris scoring the first six points and rookie center  Brook Lopez  adding a three-point play and a layup, giving the Nets a 60-54 lead with 7:12 left in the third. The Bulls regained the lead with a 9-0 lead late in the third, capped by four straight points from Nocioni, giving Chicago a 67-64 lead with 2:06 left in the period. Game notes  The Nets assigned second-year forward  Sean Williams  to the team's NBA D-League affiliate in Colorado. The 6-foot-10 Williams, the Nets' first-round draft pick last season out of Boston College, had fallen out of the team's regular rotation of late and was averaging just 1.6 points and 2.1 rebounds in 16 games this season. "It was just a numbers game," Nets coach Lawrence Frank said before the game. "We needed to find him a way to get playing time. His play didn't warrant playing time and that's the unfortunate reality of it. The beauty of the D-League is you can put guys there and give them a chance to play. It's not like he's being sent to the D-League to motivate him. We just need him to play." ... Frank on the Nets' poor home play: "Mentally, we have to be more consistent at home," he said. "You can't let your guard down and lose your focus simply because you're home. You have to have the same spirit, energy and toughness you have on the road." ... Nets guard  Keyon Dooling  was a late scratch due to a sore right hip. The Bulls were without  Drew Gooden  (sprained right ankle),  Kirk Hinrich  (torn ulner collateral ligament) and  Luol Deng  (sprained left ankle). ... Academy Award-winning director Ron Howard was in attendance with two of his four children. 