OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) --  Tyson Chandler  likes the fact that his  New Orleans Hornets  don't get the same level of attention as some of the other teams in the NBA. A few more nights like this and it will be harder to remain unnoticed. Chandler had a season-high 22 points and matched a season best with 22 rebounds to lead the Hornets to their fifth straight road win, 116-104 over the  Golden State Warriors  on Friday night. "We're under the radar. Not too many people are talking about us nationally," Chandler said. "I hope they don't. It allows us to come in and sneak up on guys. A lot of times when teams get up for you, that's when you have letdowns. Right now we're sneaking in under the radar." Chris Paul  scored 11 of his 24 points in the fourth quarter and added 13 assists to help the Hornets extend their longest road winning streak since also winning five straight in 2003. The Hornets (22-11) have won seven of eight to move into a tie with Dallas for the fourth-best record in the power-packed Western Conference. "Well, that was quite a performance we just witnessed," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "That's a really good team and I suppose people don't know that. But not only looking at their record, but when you watch them play and try to give a scouting report on them, they're really good." Peja Stojakovic  scored 24 points,  David West  had 20 before leaving with a bruised hip early in the fourth quarter and Peterson added 15. The starters scored all but 11 of New Orleans' points. After beating the Clippers on Wednesday night, the Hornets look to complete a 3-0 road trip Saturday in Phoenix. "We've been a great road team since the start of the season," Paul said. "I think it's just us being focused. I've always loved playing on the road. You're always an underdog, the crowd is against you. It really shows your will. Our team really has a strong willpower." Baron Davis  scored 26 points,  Al Harrington  had 24 and  Andris Biedrins  added 20 on 10-of-11 shooting for the Warriors, who lost consecutive games for the first time since opening the season 0-6. Chandler dominated the smaller Warriors inside, making nine of 11 shots and controlling the glass. He capped his night with an emphatic one-handed slam in the final minutes. "I used to have to run in there and get rebounds," Paul said. "Now when the other team shoots it, I'm ready to start the break. I don't even worry about getting the rebound because I know TC has it." Paul delivered most of the other big plays in the fourth quarter, more than holding his own in a showdown with Davis between two of the league's top point guards. Golden State opened the fourth quarter on a 14-3 run to cut New Orleans' lead to 93-88, but then Paul hit a jumper in the lane, fed Chandler on a lob for a three-point play and assisted on  Morris Peterson 's 3-pointer from the corner to give the Hornets a 101-88 lead with 6:06 to play. After a sluggish second quarter, New Orleans scored the first 12 points of the second half to regain control. Chandler started the run by slamming in a missed shot and added another bucket. Golden State tried to whittle the lead down, but the Hornets always seemed to have the answer, whether it was a 3-pointer by Stojakovic or a basket inside by Chandler, and led 90-74 entering the fourth. The Hornets got off to a fast start offensively, shooting 58 percent in the first quarter and making six of their first eight 3-pointers to take a 39-27 lead. The Warriors erased that deficit with a 19-2 run midway through the second quarter and trailed 58-56 at the half. "We played lackluster to open the two important quarters and that's the first and third," Davis said. "They got off to the lead and all they had to do was sustain while we had to scratch and claw to get back into it. We weren't giving the effort on the defensive end and that's not like this team." Game notes  West hoped the hip injury would not sideline him for Saturday's game at Phoenix. "I just have to see how I feel in the morning," he said. "I just hope it doesn't tighten up too bad and I can keep it loose." ... Golden State rookie F  Brandan Wright , who played just 4 minutes the previous nine games, made his first career start. Wright finished with five points and four rebounds in 7 minutes. ... Warriors F  Stephen Jackson  was called for a technical early in the fourth quarter for pushing  Ryan Bowen . Jackson finished 4-of-15 shooting. 