SAN ANTONIO (AP) -- The  San Antonio Spurs  needed two quarters to shake off some rust from the All-Star break. They may have been getting acclimated to their surroundings again, too. Manu Ginobili  scored 18 points and the Spurs beat the  Charlotte Bobcats  85-65 Tuesday night in the defending NBA champions' first home game in more than three weeks. "Post All-Star break blues," Spurs guard  Damon Stoudamire  said. "I think it happens a lot, but we were able to overcome it. In that third quarter we really did a good job of forcing tempo. We were getting stops the whole game, but we finally started hitting shots." Michael Finley  scored 14 points and  Ime Udoka  added 12 points and 10 rebounds in the Spurs' third straight victory. Tim Duncan  shot poorly, going just 2-of-12 from the field, but he had five blocks and 15 rebounds. "He's a human being, so some nights he might not score as much as one would like," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. "But his defense at the rim and that sort of thing is always important to us. So he did what we wanted him to do." Raymond Felton  led Charlotte with 19 points,  Jason Richardson  added 13 and  Nazr Mohammed  scored 12. The Bobcats were outrebounded by San Antonio 54-38 and shot just 28 percent (22-of-78) from the field. "We had a rough shooting night," Richardson said. "We didn't capitalize on the opportunity that was given to us. ... But that's the Spurs, they're the champions. They found a way to win the game." Gerald Wallace , in his first game back since sitting out three with a right foot strain, had four points and nine rebounds for the Bobcats. The Spurs were sloppy early, committing 18 turnovers in the first three quarters and 21 in the game. But they outscored Charlotte 31-16 in the decisive fourth period. Still, it was clearly good to be home, where the Spurs have lost just five games this season. Tuesday was the team's first home game since going on a three-week, nine-game road trip. The Spurs went 6-3 on the trip, an annual event that happens when the rodeo rolls into town and takes over the AT  Center. After a slow first half, both teams picked up the pace in the third quarter. A quick Spurs burst gave them a 44-34 lead off Stoudamire's 3-pointer with 9:38 to play in the period. But the Bobcats answered right back with one of the night's highlights: Stoudamire turned over the ball, and Felton dished out a nifty over-the-back-pass to Richardson for a slam dunk that sent Ginobili skidding to the floor. Felton followed with a 3 -- after the Spurs turned over the ball yet again -- to help Charlotte cut it to 44-39 with 6:28 to go. The Spurs stopped the sloppiness and put together a modest run to open the fourth, grabbing a 67-55 lead on  Bruce Bowen 's corner 3-pointer with 8:18 to play. Duncan had three blocks in the last quarter. Bowen hit another 3, this time from the wing, with 5:36 remaining to put San Antonio up by 18. The Spurs increased their advantage to as many as 23. "We have to look at this as, 'It's the first game after the All-Star break,'" Felton said. "We might have looked a little sluggish. Just chalk this one up and try to finish up the next 28 [games]." Charlotte led 18-13 after one, the Spurs' lowest-scoring first quarter of the season. But San Antonio managed to take a 36-32 halftime lead. Game notes  Popovich said pregame that he might let G  Tony Parker  play a few minutes, but Parker instead sat out his ninth straight game with an inflamed left ankle. ... Felton got a technical foul in the fourth quarter, and Charlotte's  Jeff McInnis  picked one up in the first quarter. ... The Spurs celebrated the franchise's 35th anniversary with a halftime tribute. ... The Spurs won the season series 2-0. ... Charlotte's 65 points were the fewest scored by a Spurs opponent this season. 