SACRAMENTO, Calif. --  Deron Williams  used his limited playing time to make a major contribution for Utah. Williams made two key baskets in the final 1:05 and  Kyle Korver  scored 15 points, leading the Jazz to a 99-94 victory over the  Sacramento Kings  on Tuesday night. After  Beno Udrih  scored to put the Kings ahead by one, Williams responded with a driving layup to give Utah the lead for good with just over a minute to play. Williams, who had 14 points and seven assists, made a jumper on the next possession, putting Utah ahead 93-90. The Jazz then made six free throws in the final 13 seconds to secure the victory, their third in four games. "The fourth quarter was great for my confidence," said Williams, who had two first-half points and is still bothered by a sore left ankle that caused him to miss seven games earlier this year. "I've got to start games being aggressive and play my game." In the fourth quarter, Williams made both field-goal attempts, converted two free throws attempts and had three assists for Utah, which outscored Sacramento 35-28 in the period. Ronnie Brewer  scored 14 points and Paul Milsap had 13 points and 11 rebounds, and  Morris Almond  added 13 points for the Jazz, who committed a season-high 25 turnovers, including 18 in the first half. "Most times when you have 18 turnovers at the half you aren't going to win," Korver said. "In the first half we couldn't score at all, it was rough." Trailing by five points after Kings guard  Bobby Brown  opened the fourth quarter with a 3-pointer, the Jazz went on a 13-2 run to take a 77-71 lead with 7:16 left.  Kevin Martin  helped bring the Kings back, making consecutive 3-pointers in cutting the lead to 79-77. Martin had 22 points for Sacramento, which lost its seventh straight and 10th in 11. The Kings have dropped seven consecutive games at Arco Arena for the first time since the 1993-94 season and are one loss away from tying the franchise record. "It's frustrating, it's like having something on your back and you can't get it off," Kings guard  Bobby Jackson  said. The Kings missed several shots late in the game, including an airball by  Quincy Douby  that had the frustrated fans groaning. "When it comes down to it we missed five or six shots down the stretch where if we had made them we'd probably be talking about something positive tonight," Kings coach Reggie Theus said. Brad Miller  had 18 points and nine rebounds, Udrih scored 17,  Spencer Hawes  had 14 points, and  Francisco Garcia  added 11 for Sacramento. In Martin's 12-game absence the Kings went 2-10. Sacramento hasn't won at home since beating Golden State on Nov. 9, the game in which Martin sprained his left ankle. On Tuesday, Martin entered midway through the first quarter and promptly connected on his first two shots, a pair of jumpers. But he was quiet the remainder of the half and shot 3-of-9 overall. Following a poor first half, the Kings showed more energy in the third quarter, especially at the offensive end. They went on a 10-2 run to break a 52-all tie, highlighted by Hawes' behind-the-back pass to Udrih for a fastbreak layup. Udrih scored seven points and Martin had six to help the Kings take 66-64 lead into the fourth. Carlos Boozer  missed his seventh straight game with a strained quadricep and indicated at the team's morning shoot around that he could be out an additional week. The injury-plagued Jazz were also missing sixth-man  Andrei Kirilenko  (ankle),  Matt Harpring  (back) and  Jarron Collins  (elbow). The two teams met four days earlier in Utah. The Jazz used a 44-point third quarter in routing the Kings 120-94. Game notes  Despite committing 11 first-quarter turnovers, the Jazz trailed only 24-20. ...  John Salmons , the Kings second-leading scorer, missed his first game of the season after straining his groin in Saturday's loss to Dallas. Garcia, who was injured and missed the first 17 games of the season, started in his place. ... The Jazz played the first of four games in five nights, while the Kings are in stretch where they play only twice in nine days. 