BOSTON (ESPN.com news services) -- Two different Boston centers fouled out trying to guard  Yao Ming  before the biggest Celtics big man of all took on the job himself. For  Kevin Garnett , it was just another way to be indispensable down the stretch. "It was superstar on superstar," Celtics forward  James Posey  said. "He accepts those challenges, and we jumped on his back and he carried us to a win." Best Through 30 The Celtics' win over Houston made them 27-3, matching the best start through 30 games in NBA history. Only one of the other teams didn't win the title. Year Team Final W-L 
 2007-08 Celtics ? 
 1995-96 Bulls* 72-10 
 1990-91 Trail Blazers 63-19 
 1971-72 Lakers* 69-13 
 1969-70 Knicks* 60-22 
 1966-67 76ers* 68-13 * -- Won NBA title. 
 
Garnett scored 11 of his 26 points in the last 7 minutes, grabbing a steal with 2 minutes left and blocking a shot with just seconds remaining on Wednesday night to help the  Boston Celtics  beat the  Houston Rockets  97-93 and earn their seventh consecutive victory. Paul Pierce  scored 19 points and assisted on four key baskets down the stretch as the Celtics improved to 27-3 to match the best 30-game start in the shot-clock era. Five other teams have lost just three of their first 30 games, including the 1995-96  Chicago Bulls  who finished the season with an NBA-record 72 wins. Quite a turnaround for a team that missed the playoffs in each of the past two seasons. "Used to be in my years in the league," said Rockets forward  Shane Battier , pausing to smile, "let's just say you are more concerned coming in this building now. They have a three-headed monster --  [Ray] Allen , Garnett and Pierce. What a difference a year makes." Yao had 19 points and 13 rebounds for the Rockets, who were without  Tracy McGrady  for the fourth consecutive game because of a sore left knee. Rockets coach Rick Adelman said he had no update on McGrady, who had previously been listed as day to day. Houston television station KRIV reported, however, that he had a second MRI on the knee which showed swollen tendons. He will reportedly miss up to 10 days. Both  Scot Pollard  and  Kendrick Perkins  fouled out trying to guard Yao before Garnett, who also had nine rebounds, took on the job himself. "He definitely made him uncomfortable on defense, and on offense he stretched him," Allen said. "Kevin made a lot of big shots down the stretch. ... You catch a little fire and he knocks down some shots for us. That was the difference." The Celtics led by 20 points in the second quarter and eight points at the end of three. It was 78-70 with 10:29 left in the game when  Rafer Alston  and  Bonzi Wells  combined for nine straight points and  Luis Scola  hit two free throws, completing the 11-0 run and giving Houston an 81-78 lead. The Rockets led 84-81 when Pierce hit Garnett for a short turnaround jumper and then Pierce came up with a loose ball, chucking it ahead to Allen for the fast-break layup that gave Boston the lead with 6:17 left. After Yao missed a baby hook, Garnett got the rebound and, at the other end, made a jumper from the right side of the basket as the shot clock expired. Battier hit a 3-pointer to tie it 87-all, but  Rajon Rondo  made a surprisingly easy drive into the lane to give Boston the lead for good. Garnett hit a fallaway from the left side to make it 91-87 with 2:41 left, then hit a jumper to make it a four-point game. After the Rockets called timeout with 2:22 left, Garnett came back on the court with his arms raised together like a ballet dancer preparing for a jump. The crowd rose to a throaty roar as Garnett's hands reached toward the 16 NBA championship banners in the rafters. Alston, standing laneside awaiting the free throws, just smiled. "When you play against the best in the league, you can't go in with low gas, you've got to have a lot of high octane," Garnett said. "I fed off this building, these fans are the spark plug and I just plugged in and didn't even think what I was doing." Wells hit a pair of free throws, then Garnett hit one of two before stealing an entry pass to Yao. Pierce set up Garnett at the other end for a jumper that gave Boston a 94-89 lead, then did it again with a backward bounce pass to clinch the game with 22.2 seconds left. Pierce jumped on Garnett's back in celebration. Game notes  Garnett, who received four stitches after getting hit in Sunday's game against the Lakers, played with a bandage over his right eye. ... The Celtics improved to 9-0 against the West. ... Rockets G  Steve Francis  did not make the trip to Boston because of tendinitis in his quadriceps. ... Rondo had nine assists and two turnovers, his first since Dec. 23 against Orlando. ... Pollard got a standing ovation after fouling out with 10:13 left in the game. Yao had 17 points and 12 rebounds at the time.
 
 Information from The Associated Press was used in this report. 