EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- The New Jersey fans who showed up to thank  Jason Kidd  at the beginning were thanking Mark Cuban by the end. Cuban signed off on the trade that sent  Devin Harris  to New Jersey -- a deal that looks better for the Nets all the time. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Playing against his former team, Devin Harris exploded for 41 points and a season-high 13 assists. He also hit a career-high five 3-pointers.
 
 Vince Carter scored 34 points, giving the Nets a 40-point scorer and 30-point scorer in the same game for the first time since January of 1997 (Kendall Gill 41, Robert Pack 33).
 
 The win was just the third for the Nets in their last 17 meetings with the Mavericks. 
 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 
 Harris dominated his former team with 41 points, helping the Nets ruin Kidd's return with a 121-97 victory over the Mavericks on Friday night. Harris added a season-high 13 assists in thoroughly outplaying Kidd, who spent 6  years in New Jersey before the Nets dealt him to Dallas last February for a package highlighted by Harris, who had his second 40-point game during a breakout season. "You always feel good for a guy that's been traded, you know, there's always something a little extra in the tank. You feel real good for him," Nets coach Lawrence Frank said. "[Devin had a] special night, but he works his tail off every night. It's good to have reinforcement with all that hard work that you can have special nights like this. But he's had a lot of special nights." Harris was removed for good with 2:11 remaining, with fans chanting "Thank you Cuban!" to the Dallas owner who had a courtside seat to watch Harris' dazzling performance. "I think the goal of everybody in New Jersey is to be a general manager, so I can understand why they would want to share their expertise," said Cuban, who was amused by the chants. Vince Carter  added 34 points, 10 rebounds and six assists for the Nets, who improved to just 5-8 at home.  Yi Jianlian  had 16 points and 10 rebounds. The Nets were 14-of-26 from 3-point range, with Harris hitting five and Carter making four. "He played well, no question, and Carter played well. As a team they had us really on our heels from the beginning," Mavs coach Rick Carlisle said. Kidd finished with 17 points and seven assists, but neither he nor his teammates could deal with the quickness of Harris, who recorded his eighth 30-point game, all this season. He is averaging 24.5 points. "Obviously there's going to be added emotions whether you want it there or not, obviously with old teams and a big trade, but it was more important for us to get a home win," Harris said. Dirk Nowitzki  had 24 points and  Jason Terry  added 23 for the Mavs. The Nets were a perennial NBA loser and coming off a 26-56 season when they acquired Kidd from Phoenix in the summer of 2001. They went 52-30 the next season and made the first of two straight trips to the NBA finals behind Kidd, who is their career leader in five statistical categories. But he became unhappy early last season and the Nets decided it was time to move on without him and were able to get the promising Harris back in return. Kidd was introduced first and was treated to a long ovation, though not particularly loud because the building was mostly empty on a night when a snowstorm made travel difficult. He waved a couple of times to the crowd but appeared uncomfortable by the long delay before the next starter was announced, motioning with his hand to get things moving. "The weather was great, we played no defense and New Jersey was great tonight," Kidd said. "They were hot, Devin and those guys knocked down 3s, they shot the ball extremely well. They were great tonight." Asked what he thought of the pregame introduction, Kidd said: "The first time I was in New Jersey, that's what the crowd looked like, about 3,000 people. That was the first thought, and then just all the good and bad times we had." Harris then scored 15 points and Carter had 14 in the first quarter, giving New Jersey a 33-30 lead. The lead was two after Kidd made a pair of free throws with 3:33 left in the half, but Harris and Carter hit 3-pointers during a 12-0 spurt that made it 62-48. The Nets led 64-51 at halftime. Terry's three-point play to open the fourth cut it to 10, but Harris made a layup before  Jarvis Hayes  and  Keyon Dooling  made 3-pointers to make it 98-80 with 9:36 remaining and the Mavs weren't able to make much of a dent in the deficit. Game notes  With so many seats unfilled, the Nets allowed fans sitting in the upper section to move to the lower bowl during a second-quarter timeout. ... Nowitzki and  Josh Howard  entered as the NBA's highest-scoring duo, averaging 47.4 points, with Carter and Harris combining for 46.3 per game to rank second. ... The Nets host Miami on Saturday, the only time this season they play home games on back-to-back nights. 