NEW YORK -- Kevin McHale turned to prayer, though it wasn't really needed. The combination of  Al Jefferson  inside and some sizzling 3-point shooting was more than enough. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Timberwolves snapped their 13-game losing streak, helping Kevin McHale to his first win since taking over the team from Randy Wittman (McHale is 1-8 on the season). 
 
 Rashard McCants had 23 points and made a career-high seven 3-pointers (7-for-9).
 
 The Knicks have lost five straight and six of their last eight games. 
 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 




 The Timberwolves snapped a 13-game losing streak and won for the first time this season under McHale, getting a season-best 23 points from  Rashad McCants  in a 120-107 victory over the  New York Knicks  on Friday night. "The guys have been playing hard and we really needed this one," McHale said. "At the end of the game I said, 'Thank God,' and I meant it." Jefferson added 21 points and 15 rebounds in the Timberwolves' first victory since beating Oklahoma City on Nov. 28. They had dropped their first eight games under McHale, who took over when Randy Wittman was fired Dec. 8. "Anything worth having in life takes some faith," McHale said. "And when that faith happens, it's a beautiful thing. And they've got to have faith that when they go out and play hard, good things are going to happen for them." Sebastian Telfair  finished with a season-high 20 points in his hometown and  Randy Foye  had 19 for the Wolves, who overran New York by using the Knicks' primary weapon, the 3-pointer. They came in 28th in the league in 3-point percentage and were making 4.6 per game -- 6.0 fewer than New York's league-best average -- but made a season-best 13 in 24 attempts (54 percent). Nate Robinson  and  Al Harrington  each scored 26 points for the Knicks, who lost their fifth straight.  Wilson Chandler  scored 19, but New York allowed its highest point total ever against Minnesota. 
 
 
 
 Theater Of Dreams 
 
 Al Jefferson became the third visiting player in the last 20 years at Madison Square Garden to have 20 points, 15 rebounds and shoot 60 percent from the floor in a win. Here's a look at the company he enjoys: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year 
 Player 
 Team 
 
 
 '08-'09 
 Al Jefferson 
 Timberwolves 
 
 
 '03-'04 
 Zydrunas Ilgauskas 
 Cavaliers 
 
 
 '89-'90 
 Charles Barkley 
 76ers 
 
 
 
 
 
 A disappointed coach Mike D'Antoni criticized his players for a lack of concentration and was asked what the Wolves did to look so good offensively. "Nothing really," he said. "They just stood there and took wide-open shots. We just were really bad defensively." Minnesota was closing in on its longest losing streak, a 16-game skid. But the Wolves put seven players in double figures for McHale's first victory since he led the Wolves to a 19-12 mark after taking over when Flip Saunders was fired in the 2004-05 season. "We were making shots tonight and then when they made a run we didn't put our heads down," Jefferson said. "We just kept playing." Jefferson took over midway through the third quarter, bulling his way past smaller defenders to lead an 11-1 spurt that made it 82-64. The Knicks were then forced to help on him with as many as three players, freeing room for McCants, who nailed three 3-pointers later in the period to give Minnesota a 94-75 cushion entering the fourth. The Knicks woke up after three sluggish quarters to pull within seven with about 4  minutes remaining, but  Ryan Gomes  hit a 3-pointer and  Craig Smith  converted a three-point play as Minnesota regained control at 112-99 with 3:40 remaining. McCants was 7-of-9 behind the arc. "We were going to try to make them pack it in and shoot contested 3s. And to their credit, they hit them tonight," said Knicks center  David Lee , who had 12 points and 13 rebounds but fouled out trying to deal with Jefferson. "But our defense has to get better, everyone from top to bottom." New York was without starter  Quentin Richardson  because of a sprained right ankle, but got  Jared Jeffries  back after he missed three games with a sore lower left leg. Point guard  Chris Duhon  left late in the first half after an inadvertent elbow from McCants opened a cut over his left eye, but he returned to start the second half after getting nine stitches. The Wolves scored 10 straight as part of a 15-1 run midway through the second quarter, turning a two-point lead into a 58-42 lead on McCants' 3-pointer with 3:36 remaining. But they got sloppy and nine points from Harrington in the final 1:54 cut it to 63-55 at the break. Game notes  Telfair said he hadn't seen his cousin,  Stephon Marbury , while back in New York. He added he didn't know much about Marbury's status with the Knicks, other than knowing the banished guard misses playing and hopes to continue his career. "We all want our ending stories to be the same way. I mean, he's still healthy. I think this is a chapter in his book and hopefully he smartens up and creates his own ending and don't let nobody else create it for him." ... McHale wasn't sure if  Mike Miller , out with a sprained ankle, would return Saturday against Orlando. ... Richardson was hurt at the end of practice Thursday but took part in Friday's morning shootaround before ruling himself out. 