PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) --  LaMarcus Aldridge  and  Brandon Roy  kept the  Portland Trail Blazers  perfect this season against Minnesota. Aldridge scored 26 points, Roy had 25 points and eight assists, and the Blazers beat the Timberwolves 107-96 Saturday night to sweep the four-game season series. "We're playing through them and off them," Blazers coach Nate McMillan said. "Tonight they both had it going." Travis Outlaw  broke out of a four-game slump with 17 points and  James Jones  added 13 for the Blazers, who hung on to their dwindling playoff hopes, winning the first game on a three-game homestand. Marko Jaric  scored 19,  Al Jefferson  had 18 points and 11 rebounds, and  Ryan Gomes  had 16 points for the Timberwolves, who are last in the Western Conference but had won three of four entering the game. Corey Brewer  had 12 points and seven rebounds, and  Randy Foye , traded for Roy in a 2006 draft day deal, had nine points, 10 rebounds and nine assists for the Timberwolves. Jarrett Jack  had 10 points and eight assists, while  Joel Przybilla  had 13 rebounds for the Blazers. But it was Roy and Aldridge who carried the Blazers from beginning to end. "By now we know each other and each other's shots that we're going to take," Aldridge said. "The coaches know what we both can do so we can incorporate both things now. I think we have a good rhythm." Aldridge put together his fifth straight 20-plus-point game and seems to have moved past the swoon that caused McMillan, who won his 300th NBA game Saturday, to order him to spend more time down on the block. Portland is 10th in the Western Conference, seven games behind Golden State for the last playoff spot. Gomes, who had 23 points and 15 rebounds in Minnesota's victory at Seattle on Friday, scored 12 points in the first quarter. Minnesota shot 54 percent in the first half and led by as many as seven before the half. Roy found Aldridge for a 22-footer with 3:10 left in the second quarter to give the Blazers their first lead at 48-47, and Portland took a one-point lead into the break. The game was tied at 61 before the Blazers went on a 13-4 run to take a 74-65 lead with 4:46 remaining in the third. Jones knocked down two 3-pointers in the fourth that put Portland up by 13. "We didn't bounce back and that's where they got us," Jaric said. "Roy and Aldridge are very confident players. They play well together. It's very tough to double-team those guys because they have a good shooter [Jones] who sets up in the corners." Outlaw had games of zero, six, six and eight points during the Blazers' recent road trip. The teams were playing for the second time in five days. Portland clinched the season series with a 103-96 victory at Minnesota on Tuesday. Game notes  Roy earned the first technical foul of his two-year career for arguing a foul call with referee Marc Davis in the first quarter. "I think I was talking to him too much when I said 'Boo' to his call," Roy said. "That was the last straw." ... Portland has won just six of its last 12 at the Rose Garden. ... Minnesota has lost seven of its last 10 to Portland. 