LOS ANGELES (AP) --  Beno Udrih  made two free throws to put Sacramento up by a point with 4.6 seconds remaining. The Kings then watched nervously as  Kobe Bryant  took the final shot. 
 
 
 
 Elias Says 
 
 
On Friday, the Kings lost at home to the lowly Timberwolves. But Sunday, Sacramento beat the red-hot Lakers in Los Angeles. It's been almost 13 years since a team, in consecutive games, lost at home to a team it led by at least 10 games in the standings (entering the game), then won on the road against a team it trailed by 10+ games. 
 
The last team to pull this trick was the Mavericks in 1995. Dallas lost at home to Golden State on April 10, then won at Houston on April 11, 1995.
 
 
 Read more  Elias Says 
 
 
 
 His fadeaway jumper from 18 feet bounced off the rim at the buzzer. "Everybody always holds their breath when he has the chance to win it," the Kings'  Kevin Martin  said Sunday after the Kings beat the Lakers 114-113. " John [Salmons]  played it good and  Mikki [Moore]  came over the give him some help and fortunately for us, he came up short." After a Lakers timeout, Bryant took the inbounds pass, try to drive, ran into a double-team roadblock and had to pull up and shoot. Sacramento's  Ron Artest  complimented his teammates' play and said, "Wow, we just stepped up against the good team. It's unfortunate we can't step up against the bad teams." The Kings were coming off a 111-103 loss to Minnesota on Friday, becoming only the third team this season to lose a home game to the Timberwolves. Udrih finished with 25 points and 10 assists for Sacramento, winning for just the second time in nine games in a stretch that included a defeat by the Lakers in Sacramento on Tuesday. Martin added 21 points and Artest had 17. Bryant scored 26, but had just six points on 1-of-7 shooting in the second half as the Lakers lost only their second in 15 games. He did not get many touches down the stretch, as  Sasha Vujacic  and  Pau Gasol  seemed as if they might pull the game out for the Lakers. Bryant said the Kings double-teamed him. "I'm OK. I'm moving on," he said. "We'll make adjustments offensively." The final seconds weren't necessarily the story of the game, Bryant said. "I think we lost this one from the onset -- coming out with the right sense of purpose and execution," he said. "I think it's a good wakeup call for us." Both teams featured balanced scoring and not much defense, with the exception of the Kings' pressure on Bryant in the second half. Francisco Garcia  had 15 points for Sacramento, and Moore and  Spencer Hawes  14 apiece. Gasol's layup with 15 seconds left gave the Lakers a 113-112 lead, but Vujacic fouled Udrih and he calmly sank both free throws. Los Angeles, which trailed by as many as 13 early in the third quarter, chipped away at the lead and finally tied it at 100 on Gasol's running jumper midway through the fourth quarter. The Lakers' lone lead in the second half came on his layup with 15 seconds to play. Vujacic finished with 15 points, including going 3-of-4 from 3-point range. He hit several shots down the stretch to keep the Lakers close. Down 86-75 midway through the third quarter, Los Angeles closed the gap when Sacramento went a stretch of 4:18 without scoring.  Derek Fisher 's jumper narrowed the gap to 86-85 with 2:53 left in the period. Garcia's 3-pointer 4 minutes into the second quarter began a 17-5 run by the Kings that ended with another 3 by Garcia 4:06 before halftime and gave Sacramento a 58-45 lead. Martin, coming off a career-high 48-point performance in a 111-103 loss to Minnesota on Friday night, had 17 points on 5-of-7 shooting to help the Kings open their 71-60 halftime lead over the Lakers. Artest, back after missing two games with a sore left foot, had 13 points by the break and Udrih had 12. Bryant scored 20 in the first half, but just five as the Lakers fell behind in the second quarter. Game notes  The Kings won for the sixth time in their last 11 games on the Lakers' court. ... The Lakers beat the Kings 117-105 in Sacramento last Tuesday, when Bryant scored 17 of his 34 points in the fourth quarter. 