PORTLAND --  Greg Oden  returned to the starting lineup for the first time since Portland's season opener, against an opponent the Blazers had beaten on the road by 21 points four days ago. An easy night's work? 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Brandon Roy scored 28 points, 16 in the second half, as the Blazers improved to 5-0 at home this season.
 
 Greg Oden, making his second start of the season, finished with three points, his lowest total since Nov. 12.
 
 The Kings have lost three straight and six of their last seven to fall to 2-7 this year without Kevin Martin.
 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 



 Not even close.  Brandon Roy  scored a season-high 28 points and the  Portland Trail Blazers  rallied during the final six minutes to beat the  Sacramento Kings  91-90 on Monday night. Joel Przybilla  added 10 points and 12 rebounds, while  Steve Blake  had 12 points for the Blazers. "We dodged a bullet tonight," Portland coach  Nate McMillan  said. "We weren't scrappy enough. This game, it is about bringing it every night." Oden, the first pick of the 2007 NBA draft, had three points, six rebounds, and four turnovers in 19 ineffective minutes. Sacramento had some of its best stretches on offense when Oden was on the floor in the second half. "I want him to be more aggressive, making the calls on the pick and roll and dominating the paint," McMillan said of his young star. "We have to learn from this." John Salmons  led Sacramento with 20 points and had a chance to win the game, but his drive to the basket with two seconds remaining came up short of the rim. "Playing this team to a one-point game in their building is pretty impressive," Sacramento coach Reggie Theus said. "I take no joy in the end result." It was the second win in four days for Portland over Sacramento. On Friday, the Blazers beat the Kings 117-96 in Sacramento. "They weren't going to let us run them out tonight," Roy said. "We should have played better. I don't know what went wrong." Brad Miller  added 18 points and  Beno Udrih  had 17 for Sacramento. Trailing 75-71 after three quarters, Sacramento regained the lead by outscoring the Blazers 10-2 to start the fourth quarter. That's when Roy took over. He scored seven consecutive points, including a three-point play, to put Portland in front 85-84 with 3:35 remaining. Blake hit two free throws with 40 seconds left to give the Blazers a 91-88 lead setting up the finish. Portland controlled most of the first half, leading by as many as 11 points midway through the second quarter. But Sacramento made it a game before halftime, as a pair of  Bobby Jackson  jumpers triggered an 11-2 run to pull the Kings to 44-42 with 2:29 in the second quarter. Portland led 48-44 at halftime. Sacramento continued to make headway after halftime, outscoring Portland 17-5 to take an eight-point lead. The Blazers wiped out the Kings' advantage and more with a streak of their own, as Roy scored eight points during a 18-4 spurt to give Portland a 71-66 lead with 2:31 left in the third. Game notes  Portland started a three-game home stand Monday after playing 10 of its first 14 games on the road. Portland and Cleveland are the NBA's only unbeaten teams at home. Sacramento fell to 2-8 in road games this season  Mikki Moore  returned to action for Sacramento after the 7-foot center missed the past four games with a sprained ankle. Portland outrebounded Sacramento 48-32, including an 18-6 edge in offensive rebounds. 