PORTLAND -- Portland is 6-0 at home for the first time since the 1998-99 season, and the wins are getting easier. Reserve  Channing Frye  scored 17 points,  LaMarcus Aldridge  added 16, and the Trail Blazers built a big first-quarter lead on the way to a 106-68 victory over the  Miami Heat  on Wednesday night. After narrowly winning their first three home games this season, Portland has won two of its last three by at least 38 points. Last week, the Blazers beat Chicago by a season-high 42 points. "We're not thinking about a streak," Portland guard  Brandon Roy  said. "We're trying to win every home game when we're in this building. We've got to win games because the West is tough and we've got to win as many home games as possible." The Blazers scored a season-high 37 points in the first quarter and led by as many as 40 points.  Greg Oden , sporting a clean-shaven look for the first time this season, had 10 points and 10 rebounds.  Travis Outlaw  was among six Blazers to score in double figures with 15 points. Sergio Rodriguez  didn't score, but had 11 assists as Portland (10-6) won for the ninth time in 12 games. "I thought the guys played great tonight. It was beautiful basketball from start to finish," Portland coach  Nate McMillan  said. "I liked the unselfish way to we played." The Blazers outrebounded Miami 55-28 and had nine blocked shots, four by  Joel Przybilla  and three by Aldridge. Przybilla had nine rebounds. Michael Beasley  had 14 points and four rebounds four Miami, which lost its second consecutive game to fall to 7-8.  Dwyane Wade , the NBA's second-leading scorer behind  LeBron James , scored a season-low 12 points. Reserve  Marcus Banks  had 11 in the Heat's lowest-scoring game this season. "From the beginning of the game, all the way through, they outclassed us and outplayed us," Miami coach Erik Spoelstra said. Portland scored the 12 points and led 28-8 lead eight minutes into the game.  Mario Chalmers  drove to the basket twice to key a run of 10 unanswered points as Miami pulled 46-33 in the second, but the Blazers finished the half with an 8-2 run, capped by Aldridge's dunk off Roy's missed free throw, to lead 59-40. Portland maintained a 19-point lead after three quarters, then ended Miami's chances by scoring the first 12 points of the fourth quarter. Frye scored 13 during the final quarter. Portland's best home start was during the 1977-78 season, when it won its first 26 games at home. "It's only six games so far, and we have 35 left. We have to continue to get better every game if we want to become one of the elite teams," Frye said. Game notes  Spoelstra grew up in Portland. The son of former Blazers general manager Jon Spoelstra, Erik Spoelstra played college basketball at the University of Portland. Miami small forward  Shawn Marion  missed Wednesday's game to attend the funeral of a relative. Marion plans to rejoin the team for Thursday's practice. Portland and Cleveland are the only NBA teams that have yet to lose at home this season. Wednesday's game was only the second time this season that Wade failed to lead the Heat in scoring. 