MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- More energy, a little extra desire and  Rudy Gay 's second-half scoring spree helped the  Memphis Grizzlies  end the their seven-game losing streak. Gay scored 16 of his 25 points in the second half to lead Memphis to a 93-81 victory over the Clippers on Friday night. "I'd say that was probably the first time this year where I actually hit a couple of shots in a row," Gay said. "Hopefully, it carries on, and I can get back to being my old self." 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Grizzlies snap a seven-game losing streak, beating the Clippers for the second time in their last eight meetings. 
 
 The Clippers have lost 10 of 12.
 
 Memphis enjoyed a 40-25 rebounding edge in the win. 
 
 Rudy Gay (25) and O.J. Mayo (20), who typically average 42 points for the Grizzlies, combined for 45.

 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 







 O.J. Mayo  added 20 points, and  Hakim Warrick  had 14. Memphis, which had given up 104.3 points in the losing streak, worked harder on defense and capitalized on Los Angeles turnovers. Memphis coach Marc Iavaroni inserted  Kyle Lowry  and  Darko Milicic  in the starting lineup in hopes of providing more pressure on  Baron Davis  and  Zach Randolph . "It's not a bad time to change things up after seven in a row," Iavaroni said. Davis led the Clippers with 23 points and eight assists, and Randolph had 21 points, but Iavaroni was still pleased with what he perceived as a better level of intensity. "I thought our guys played harder and more together than they've played in the past," Iavaroni said. "I thought our defense stepped up in the second half. That was the key to the game." Marcus Camby  finished with 15 points, 10 rebounds and six assists for the Clippers in their seventh loss in eight games.  Al Thornton , the Clippers' second leading scorer, had nine points, considerably below his 17.4 average, on 3-of-13 from the field. "I had some open looks, but I just wasn't able to knock them down," Thornton said. Memphis built its lead to double digits in the third period, and was up by 17 in the fourth quarter. "It feels good to win again," Iavaroni said. Memphis dominated the boards with a 40-25 advantage, while also shooting 7-of-13 from beyond the arc. The 25 rebounds was a season-low for the Clippers. Both teams shot well at the start, when they could hold onto the ball. The first six turnovers by the Clippers led to a dozen Memphis points. Memphis already had a handful of turnovers before the end of the first quarter. Despite shooting 55 percent midway through the second quarter, the Clippers still trailed primarily because of nine turnovers. They had 12 miscues in the half. Memphis eventually would have 19 turnovers in the game, compared to 17 for the Clippers. "Our turnovers really hurt us tonight; 17 turnovers for 23 points," Clippers coach  Mike Dunleavy  said. "We just got killed on the boards. Their size really hurt us. We were only able to get three offensive rebounds on the night, and that's not a good number for us." Game notes  Mayo already had reached double figures in the first quarter, marking his 19th straight game surpassing 10 points. That matched  Lamar Odom  for the longest stretch of double-digit performances for a rookie starting their NBA career since 1997-98. ... Clippers C  Chris Kaman  missed his fourth game because of a strained left arch. ...The 3-16 start for the Clippers is the worst since Los Angeles started 1-18 after losing its first 17 games. 