CHARLOTTE, N.C. (ESPN.com news services) --  Jason Kidd  had one more slick move to make after his first triple-double since demanding a trade led the  New Jersey Nets  to a rare win. After dominating the  Charlotte Bobcats  in a 19-point, 11-rebound, 13-assist performance for his 99th career triple-double in Nets' 104-90 win Friday night, Kidd dressed in the sealed off trainer's room and exited the locker room without speaking to reporters. It was Kidd's third triple-double in three games this season against Charlotte. On the court the Nets looked nothing like the dysfunctional group that had lost three straight and 13 of 16. But Kidd's postgame brush off showed the Nets are far from a cohesive unit. 
 
 
 
 Kidd Gets Crafty vs. Cats 
 
 Jason Kidd had 19 points, 11 rebounds and 13 assists for his 99th career triple-double in New Jersey's 104-90 win over Charlotte on Friday. While triple-doubles are common for Kidd, this was his third triple-double this season against Charlotte. In the past 25 seasons, only three other players have had three triple-doubles in one season against the same opponent. 
 
 
 
 
 3 Triple-Doubles in Same Season 
vs. Single Opponent 
 
 Player 
 Season 
 Opponent 
 
 
 Jason Kidd 
 2007-08 
 Bobcats 
 
 
 Magic Johnson 
 1989-90 
 Warriors 
 
 
 Magic Johnson 
 1987-88 
 Rockets 
 
 
 Fat Lever 
 1985-86 
 Rockets 
 
 
 
 
 "We can't expect to say every night, 'Oh, Jason has to play at this level,' " said  Vince Carter , who had 18 points and nine rebounds. "We all have to play on another level for us to win right now." Richard Jefferson  scored 23 points, but it was Kidd's night. His NBA-leading 12th triple-double was his first since Jan. 25, three days after he went public with his desire to be elsewhere by this month's trade deadline. "Obviously Jason played at a great energy level and was outstanding," coach Lawrence Frank said. Kidd, voted in as a starter for the All-Star Game, has been discouraged with the Nets' recent woes. And he's stayed put while  Shaquille O'Neal ,  Shawn Marion  and  Pau Gasol  have been traded. But struggling Charlotte proved to be just what Kidd and the Nets needed. It was Kidd's third triple-double in as many games against the Bobcats this season. New Jersey was never threatened, building a 22-11 lead and withstanding every Charlotte mini-run. Kidd, who shot 7-for-14, hit a 3-pointer with 5:56 left to put the Nets ahead 91-77. The Nets hit 9 of 16 3s and dominated the glass after entering the night a season-worst nine games under .500. Gerald Wallace  had 21 points for Charlotte in his return after missing the last two games with a strained right foot.  Jason Richardson  added 17 points and rookie  Jared Dudley  scored 15 in the Bobcats' fifth straight loss. It was an uninspired effort that left coach Sam Vincent questioning his team for the second time in two weeks. "I wasn't really happy with the effort," Vincent said. "We missed shots and I didn't think we defended well. I thought our effort was poor." Kidd grabbed five rebounds in the game's first 4 minutes and finished with 12 points, nine rebounds and three assists in a dominant first quarter as the Nets built a 24-18 lead. "He was laughing and joking before the game that he was going to come out gunning," Jefferson said of Kidd. "But he still took only 14 shots. ... He's a floor general." New Jersey led by as many as 11 in the second quarter before the Bobcats rallied to 46-41 at halftime behind Richardson's 13 points. Kidd had his triple-double by late in the third quarter, and his alley-oop pass to  Sean Williams  made it 67-58 with 2:31 left. Saying before the game that nobody is safe from changes because of their poor stretch, Frank shuffled the starting lineup. Forward  Nenad Krstic , in his fourth game back from knee surgery, started in place of Williams. Krstic was limited to two points and five rebounds in 16 minutes, but the Nets' frontcourt was stellar. Charlotte's starting big men,  Emeka Okafor  and  Nazr Mohammed , combined to shoot 7-for-23. While Okafor and Mohammed had 28 combined rebounds, New Jersey held a 50-43 advantage on the glass.  Josh Boone  had 12 points and 11 rebounds for the Nets. The Bobcats played without reserve guards  Jeff McInnis  (illness),  Matt Carroll  (ankle) and  Derek Anderson  (knee).  Earl Boykins , in his first home game since he was signed by Charlotte last week, had 13 points off the bench in the Bobcats' fourth straight home loss. "We stunk up the house, man," said guard  Raymond Felton , who shot 2-for-10. "We just had a horrible game We didn't play with any intensity. We didn't play with any fire or passion." Game notes  Frank said Krstic will be limited to 15-17 minutes a game as he works his way back from left knee surgery. "After the All-Star break doctors will evaluate it and see if he can push it a little more," Frank said. ... Nets C  Stromile Swift  was activated for the first time since he was acquired from Memphis, and had two points in 3 minutes. ... C  Jamaal Magloire  was inactive to make room for Swift. ... The Bobcats recalled rookie F  Jermareo Davidson  from Sioux Falls of the NBA Development League. Davidson averaged 18 points and 9.8 rebounds in six games with the Skyforce. "I got a chance to play, that was the biggest thing," said Davidson, who had two points and one rebound. Information from The Associated Press was used in this report. 