OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) -- From the Celtics' Big Three to the last three fans in the standing-room-only crowd, everybody knows what's coming when the  Golden State Warriors  need a last-second basket. Baron Davis  keeps delivering anyway -- and his latest theatrics brought down the curtain on the NBA leaders. Davis hit a 20-foot jumper with 0.3 seconds to play, and the Warriors beat Boston 119-117 on Wednesday night to send the Celtics to their second straight loss since Garnett's return. Monta Ellis  scored 12 of his 26 points in the fourth quarter before Davis capped his 29-point performance with the latest heroics for the player who specializes in putting smooth finishes on the Warriors' craziest wins.  Al Harrington  added 22 points and 12 rebounds for the Warriors, who have won 13 of their last 18 games. "I was shooting that one," Davis said. "That was going up. I knew where I needed to get to on the floor, and the nice mid-range jumper, that's what I needed." Paul Pierce  scored seven of his 23 points in the final 1:38 to rally Boston, including two tying free throws with 6.5 seconds left. After a timeout, Davis dribbled casually to the right side of the key and drained a fallaway jump shot over  Tony Allen , blowing the collective mind of the sellout crowd at Oracle Arena. "It's a great feeling, especially when he makes the shot," Harrington said. "We have ultimate confidence in him, and everybody does what they have to do to get the ball to him so he can do his thing." Golden State coach Don Nelson put Davis in position to score by sending his teammates far enough away from him to discourage a double-team. Boston coach Doc Rivers elected to go one-on-one against one of the NBA's gutsiest shooters, feeling Allen was tall enough to bother Davis. "I would take Tony guarding him all day," Rivers said. "I just thought, 'Guard him one-on-one and see what happens.' You know Tony is our best defender, and Baron had to take a tough fadeaway jump shot." Ray Allen  hit six 3-pointers while scoring 32 points for the Celtics, and Garnett had 17 points and 15 rebounds while playing 31 minutes in his return from a strained abdominal muscle. Though Boston's 41-11 record still is the league's best, the Celtics have lost on the first two stops of their five-game West Coast road trip after falling at Denver on Tuesday. "You've just got to learn from it and understand what we're doing wrong and clean it up," Pierce said. "We still have three more games on this Western Conference trip. We had our chances tonight, but the Golden State Warriors, they really pressed the issue and were the aggressor tonight. It paid off for them in the end." Garnett, who had been out since Jan. 25, looked stronger in his second game back. But he scored just six points in the fourth quarter and went without a field goal in the final 8 minutes, while Allen managed just five points in the fourth -- none in the final 6:15. "The more I play, the better," Garnett said. "I'm sure Doc is being a little cautious. I think the better I get into a flow, the more my minutes go up." Andris Biedrins  had 21 points and 13 rebounds for the Warriors, who played without  Stephen Jackson  for the first time since his season-opening seven-game suspension. Jackson, their second-leading scorer, sprained his left ankle in Golden State's loss at Utah on Tuesday night. Golden State had a small lead through most of the final minutes of regulation, but Pierce kept the Celtics close. The Warriors wasted a chance to run down the clock moments earlier when  Matt Barnes  inexplicably attempted an awkward layup around four Celtics with 14 seconds left -- and 10 seconds on the shot clock. Boston held the NBA's highest-scoring team to its lowest output of the season in the clubs' first meeting this season, a 104-82 win for the Celtics in November. Golden State had that many points after three quarters in the rematch, and the Warriors won with a 37-point fourth quarter. Jackson averages a career-best 20.6 points, 4.4 rebounds and 4.2 assists, but the swingman got hurt in the third quarter against Utah.  Mickael Pietrus  had 12 points in Jackson's place in the starting lineup, sharing minutes with Harrington. Game notes  The Warriors' crowd of 20,711 was the largest in franchise history and the largest to watch a basketball game in the state of California, the team claimed. Golden State has sold out 19 of its 27 home games. ... Celtics F  Leon Powe , an Oakland native who played at Cal, had three points and four fouls in 14 minutes. ... Golden State reportedly was among the suitors for Garnett when Minnesota put him on the market last summer, but the Warriors' biggest acquisition at the position is  Chris Webber , who had five points and four rebounds. 