TORONTO (AP) -- The  Toronto Raptors  missed  Chris Bosh  more than the  Washington Wizards  missed  Gilbert Arenas  and  Caron Butler . Antawn Jamison  had 25 points and 16 rebounds to lead the Wizards to a 110-106 overtime victory over the Raptors on Friday night. Roger Mason  added 18 points for the Wizards, who had six players score in double figures. Washington has won five of seven despite missing Arenas and Butler. "We've been playing some good basketball of late," said Jamison, whose team is sixth in the Eastern Conference. "The most important thing is to not slip any further than sixth. If we're able to catch some people, that's great. If not, we don't want to slip past sixth." Jamison scored six of the Wizards' last eight points in overtime. Andrea Bargnani  had 27 points for the Raptors, whose star forward missed his fourth straight game with a sore right knee. Toronto coach Sam Mitchell said they could have used Bosh. They're 1-3 without him. "There are just certain plays Chris can make and others can't make," Mitchell said. "You can put the ball in his hands and create matchups that other players just can't." Washington shot 50 percent compared to 39 percent for Toronto, and outrebounded the Raptors 49-38. Toronto has struggled to rebound without Bosh, their leading rebounder. "We miss Chris every game," Toronto's  Anthony Parker  said. "But that's not an excuse. We just didn't execute down the stretch." Jamison made four free throws in the final 40 seconds of overtime to seal the victory. Toronto missed a numbers of shots in the final seconds. DeShawn Stevenson 's tip-in gave Washington a 98-96 lead with 20 seconds left in regulation, but Bargnani tied it with two free throws. Washington led by as many as 11, but Toronto's  Jose Calderon  sparked a 16-0 third quarter run with a pull-up jumper and a layup. He scored seven points as Toronto turned a nine point deficit into a seven point lead. The Raptors outscored the Wizards 29-15 in the third quarter. Washington rookie  Nick Young  had 10 of his 14 points in the fourth. "We trust him out there," Jamison said. "All the young guys did a great job." Toronto turned Washington's season-high, tying 22 turnovers into 31 points. Game notes  Bosh remains day to day. ... The Raptors play at home on Sunday before going on five-game, nine-day west coast road trip. ... Butler is expected to practice next week. ... The NBA suspended Miami's  Alexander Johnson  because of his flagrant foul on Bargnani earlier in the week. Johnson committed a hard foul Wednesday as Bargnani was driving the baseline. Bargnani got smacked in the mouth and his head hit the floor when he landed. There was some doubt he would play Friday. ... Jamison recorded his 34th double double of the season. 