TORONTO --  Vince Carter  knew just what to tell  Ryan Anderson  about recovering from a poor shooting performance. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Vince Carter had a double-double with 20 points and 10 assists. The last time the Nets played the Raptors, Carter shot 0-for-13 from the field, the most field-goal attempts without a basket in one game since David Wesley of the Charlotte Hornets went 0-for-13 against the Nets in 2001.
 
 Chris Bosh has been held to 19 points or less in six of the Raptors' last nine games.
 
 Toronto fell to 7-14 in its last 21 games after winning the first three games of the season.
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 Carter had 20 points and 10 rebounds, Anderson scored a career-high 21 points and the  New Jersey Nets  beat the  Toronto Raptors  94-87 on Monday night to snap a three-game losing streak. "It was a big win for us," Anderson said. "We were in a desperate need for this win. We really needed to get it and get our streak back." Devin Harris  scored 16 of his 20 points in the fourth quarter, making 10-of-11 from the free-throw line. "He really rose up," Nets coach Lawrence Frank said. "He was the maestro and did a great job of getting into the paint." Carter scored a season-high 39 points in a 129-127 overtime victory at Toronto on Nov. 21 but had just three points and shot a career-worst 0-for-13 against his former team as the Raptors beat the Nets 101-79 in New Jersey last Friday. "It was a night I've never really experienced before but you move on," said Carter, who responded with 39 points in Saturday's 113-104 loss at Chicago. Anderson shot 1-for-9 in that loss to the Bulls, but both he and Carter were solid against the Raptors. Carter shot 8-for-24 and Anderson went 6-for-11, including three 3-pointers. "It feels good to bounce back from a game where I may not have shot the ball as well as I know I can," Anderson said. "I just went out there and played, just hustled and did the things I can do." Carter and Anderson have become fast friends, with the All-Star taking the rookie forward under his wing and checking on him after each game. "I always think back to when I was in those situations and I was thrown in the fire," Carter said. "You have rough times and rough nights and you just need somebody to be there and say 'Be yourself and play your game. We drafted you for this reason.' He showed it tonight." Chris Bosh  and  Jason Kapono  each scored 17 for Toronto.  Jose Calderon  added 15 points and  Jermaine O'Neal  had 12 for the Raptors, who have lost seven of nine. Jamario Moon  and  Andrea Bargnani  each had 10 points for Toronto. New Jersey had a season-high 54 rebounds, including 18 on the offensive end, and outscored Toronto 26-2 on second-chance points. Toronto has been outrebounded in 13 consecutive games. "That's our main Achilles' heel right now," Bosh said. "We're giving up multiple shots. For the game, they shot 38 percent. If I told you we held a team to 38 percent, you would ask me how much we won by." The Raptors closed the third with an 11-4 run to take a 70-63 lead into the final quarter, only to watch their lead, and the game, slip away as their shooting suddenly went stone-cold. Bargnani opened the fourth with two free throws, pushing the lead to nine points, but the Raptors missed 14 straight field-goal attempts to start the period. "It happens sometimes," Bosh said of the shooting drought. "It is rare but rare things happen. When that does happen, we can't let that dictate the way we play defense." At the other end, Harris scored nine consecutive points to tie the game, and a layup by Lopez gave the Nets a 74-72 lead with 7:12 remaining. "The fourth quarter was kind of my time," Harris said. "I had the right angles and chose the right times to attack." Calderon finally ended the shooting drought on a 3-pointer from the corner with 2:35 left, Toronto's first field goal since Calderon's layup with a minute left in the third. Bosh's 3-pointer with 58 seconds left cut it to 91-86, but Calderon missed a 3 on the next possession, allowing the Nets to seal it from the free-throw line. New Jersey had to call two timeouts within the first four minutes as Toronto built leads of 9-0 and 16-2. Nine points from Carter and seven from Anderson helped the Nets cut the gap to 28-20 after one quarter. "We took a punch and fought back," Frank said. "We got back in the game with defense." After shooting 9-for-16 in the first, Toronto slumped to 6-for-15 in the second, and a running dunk by Anderson with 1:14 left in the half tied it at 43. It was 46-all at the half. Calderon made both of his free throws and has made 60 straight dating back to last season. Game notes  Toronto, which lost at home to New Orleans on Sunday, played back-to-back home games for the first time since April 19 and 20, 1999. ... Bosh picked up a technical foul for arguing a non-call in the second, and Toronto coach Jay Triano got one for arguing in the fourth. ...  Jake Voskuhl , who signed with Toronto on Sunday, dressed but did not play. 