MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) -- The  Orlando Magic  kept launching from long range and didn't stop until they had a franchise record. Hedo Turkoglu  scored 26 points, and the Magic made a team-record 18 3-pointers in a 112-85 victory over the  Memphis Grizzlies  on Wednesday night. Turkoglu was 6-of-8 outside the arc for Orlando, which hit 55 percent of its 3s. The Magic's previous record for 3-pointers was 16 against the  Atlanta Hawks  on April 18, 1996. "There was a lot of penetration and kicks, and that's why we were getting open 3s instead of coming down and settling for the 3-point shot," said  Rashard Lewis , who had 16 points, going 3-of-6 from long-range. "We took what they gave us. Sometimes it was a layup, but the majority of the night, it was open 3-pointers." The Magic won their third straight, while Memphis had its two-game home winning streak snapped. Dwight Howard  also scored 16 points for the Magic, and grabbed 10 rebounds.  Keyon Dooling  finished with 13 points and  Maurice Evans  scored 12. Rudy Gay  led Memphis with 20 points, while  Pau Gasol  had 17 points and 11 rebounds.  Mike Conley  had 13 points. There was a bit of concern that the Magic, the Southeast Division leaders, could have a letdown against one of the worst teams in the Western Conference. Orlando was coming off a last-second 102-100 win over Detroit on Monday, and will face the Pistons again Friday. But Orlando lost to Memphis at home in December and had dropped nine of the last 11 in the series. Falling into a "trap game" is a sign of weakness and immaturity, Orlando coach Stan Van Gundy said before the game. "This is a team [Memphis] that took it to us and embarrassed us, in my opinion, on our defensive end," Van Gundy said. "If that's not enough incentive, I don't know what would be." Apparently it was, because after trailing in the first quarter, Orlando used the 3-pointers to build a comfortable lead it never relinquished. "We played really well after that," Van Gundy said. "I think all the guys that are playing in our rotation are playing good, solid basketball. "It was our defense that got us going and in the second quarter, we clamped down and got some stops." The game got away from the Grizzlies when Orlando used a 17-8 run to close the first half, then stretched the advantage in the early stages of the third quarter. That allowed the Magic to build the lead to 19, and they never let the margin get under double digits the rest of the way. The Magic shot 55 percent from the field and forced 15 Memphis turnovers, while only committing six themselves. "They took a lot of them. Made a lot of them," Gay said of the Magic's long-range touch. "It was tough to play against them." Turkoglu shot 7-of-9 in the first half, missing only one of his five shots outside the arc, for 18 points to help Orlando take a 58-48 lead at intermission. Dooling added 11 points off the Magic bench. "It was just one of those nights where we were able to make shots," Turkoglu said. "The basket seemed really big, and whatever we were throwing was going in." Game notes  Gay and Howard are two of the four participants in the Slam Dunk Contest on All-Star weekend. ... The Magic had lost five straight in Memphis. The Magic's only other win in Memphis since the Grizzlies' 2001 relocation from Vancouver was in 2002. ... Lewis recorded a four-point play with 6:35 left in the third as he was fouled by  Darko Milicic  on a 3-pointer from the top of the arc. ... The Magic were without G  Jameer Nelson  for the third straight game. Nelson has a strained tendon in his right foot. Orlando is 5-0 when Nelson is out of the lineup. ... Gasol recorded his sixth double-double in the last seven games and has 18 for the season. ... Orlando tied the Memphis franchise record for 3-pointers allowed by an opponent. Golden State had 18 on Jan. 3, 2007. ... Eight Orlando players recorded 3-pointers. Howard was the only Magic starter who didn't hit from long range. ... Memphis G  Mike Miller  had 10 points, and the Grizzlies are now 0-18 when Miller doesn't score at least 17. 