CLEVELAND -- In a generous, gift-giving mood, the  Cleveland Cavaliers  nearly handed a precious win to one of the NBA's neediest teams. Down by seven points in the final minutes to woeful Washington and their home winning streak in serious jeopardy, the Cavaliers clamped down on defense, made their free throws and scored 11 straight points in the final 1:33 to beat the Wizards 93-89 Thursday night. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Cavaliers maintained their perfect 15-0 record at home and moved to 18-0 against teams under .500 this season. 
 
 LeBron James was quiet for most of the night but scored nine of his 18 points in the fourth quarter.
 
 The Wizards' Mike James entered averaging just 6.4 points per game but exploded for 26 points and hit five of his eight 3-pointers.
 
 The Cavaliers shot 26 free throws to the Wizards' seven. 
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 Mo Williams  scored 24 points, and  LeBron James  and  Delonte West  had 18 apiece for the Cavs, who had to scrap to improve to 15-0 on their home floor and remain the league's only unblemished team at home. Afterward, James knew he and his teammates salvaged what would have been a depressing holiday. "Would have ruined my Christmas," he said. Cleveland, which had played flawlessly at home most of this season, trailed 89-82 before storming back with three free throws by James, a 3-pointer by Williams and five more foul shots in the last 26 seconds. But none of that would have been possible if the Cavs' hadn't done it with their defense as Williams and  Ben Wallace  drew charging fouls to fuel the final push. Antawn Jamison  scored 28 points, and  Mike James  26 for the Wizards, who dropped their eighth straight and continue to find new ways to lose. Washington has lost 13 games it has led in the fourth quarter this season. Some of the Wizards weren't happy with calls that could have gone either down the stretch. "It's tough because we had a chance to win," James said. "We're up six and the calls didn't go our way, man. But that's the way it goes sometimes." The Cavaliers' home winning streak was as good as history when Jamison drained a 3-pointer with 1:40 left to put the Wizards ahead by seven points. But James was fouled shooting a 3 and, after starting 3-of-7 from the line, Cleveland's superstar made three straight from the line to pull Cleveland to 89-85. Williams then drew a charge on Jamison in the lane and then demanded the ball from James and got it before hitting a 3-pointer to make it 89-88 with 1:03 to go. James missed for Washington and Jamison fouled out while battling  Anderson Varejao  for a rebound. Varejao, a 68 percent free-throw shooter, made both to give the Cavs a 90-88 lead, and Cleveland got the ball right back when  Caron Butler  was called for charging into Ben Wallace. The Wizards had to foul and Williams made them pay by hitting two free throws to make it 92-89. The Wizards still had a chance to tie, but James, recently acquired in a trade from Memphis, missed a 3-pointer and West made 1-of-2 foul shots to ice it. "Not a pretty one and we're not satisfied at all," LeBron James said. "But we'll take the win." During their home streak, the Cavs have been blowing teams out, but a a sloppy third quarter left them in an unfamiliar position of trailing entering the fourth. The Wizards turned nine turnovers by Cleveland in the third into 13 points and Mike James scored eight straight points in the final 2:40 as Washington opened a 71-68 lead, stunning Cavs fans who had been in a festive mood from the opening tip. The Wizards-Cavaliers' holiday matchup looked great on paper before the season started. After all, the clubs have met in the playoffs three straight years with last season's series best remembered for Washington's hard fouls on James as well as  DeShawn Stevenson 's endless trash talking at Cleveland's superstar. James hasn't forgotten Washington's tactics. "They tried to take me mentally out of the game in the series and tied and tried and tried and it never worked," he said. "Bad plan, I guess." Overmatched because of injuries to All-Star guard  Gilbert Arenas  (knee) and center  Brendan Haywood  (wrist), Washington is off to the worst start in franchise history and has already had a coaching change before the end of the calendar year. As James performed his pregame routine of tossing hand chalk into the air, the sellout crowd threw packets of white confetti aloft with him, creating a blizzard-like effect inside Quicken Loans Arena. The theatrical stunt was to promote James' new Nike "chalk" shoe, one of several variations he has worn this season. "That was unbelievable," James said of the indoor snowstorm. "I will never forget that." The Wizards, though, weren't about to be used as props and built a 25-22 lead after one. But with James on the bench, the Cavaliers, who have built leads all season while he has rested, went on a 20-9 run to open the second and were poised for another early blowout. Jamison wouldn't let it happen as he scored 17 points in the first half to keep the Wizards to 49-47 at halftime. Game notes  The Wizards intended to wear their blue road jerseys, which included a white holiday snowflake on the front. But James wanted to wear blue to match his new Nike "chalk" shoes and the Cavaliers sent an employee to Washington to fetch the Wizards' white jerseys. ... James didn't ask for anything for Christmas, but he got what he wanted anyway. "My girlfriend got me pajamas and a back scratcher," he said. "I always want my back scratched and she doesn't want to do it all the time. I wanted a back scratcher bad as hell." ... Cleveland made a season-high 12 3-pointers. 