INDIANAPOLIS (AP) --  Rasheed Wallace  was feeling good Tuesday night, and he was happy to tell the  Indiana Pacers  all about it. Wallace had 24 points and 10 rebounds to help the  Detroit Pistons  beat the Pacers 110-104. He started jawing in the second quarter, when he went 5-for-5 from the field and scored 11 points in the final 3:22 of the period. The Pistons went from 10 points down to leading 59-57 at halftime because of Wallace's barrage. Wallace was shouting "and one" on made baskets, keeping his arm raised as shots fell. Even the bench got into it. At one point during the run, a Detroit player shouted, "That's the best they got for you, 'Sheed?'" Wallace enjoyed the game, and the mostly one-way conversation. "It don't matter," he said. "They can say whatever they want back, if they say anything. They ain't going to talk more junk than me." Wallace had something left for the fourth quarter, too. Detroit led 101-99 after Indiana's  Travis Diener  made two free throws with 4 minutes left. Wallace made a 3-pointer to give the Pistons a five-point lead. He then blocked  Danny Granger 's layup, and  Richard Hamilton  made a short jumper on the other end to make it 106-99 lead with 3:20 to play. Indiana trailed 108-104 and had a chance to draw closer in the final minute, but Wallace blocked Diener's 3-point try from the right corner with 31 seconds left. Wallace came from across the court to get to the shot. "I had a head start coming from the other side," he said. "That was my runway. Anything shorter than that, he probably would have got that over me." Hamilton made two free throws with 17.8 seconds left to close the scoring. "They made some really big defensive stops and made some big shots down the stretch," Indiana coach Jim O'Brien said. "They did what they had to at the end of the game." Mike Dunleavy , who led Indiana with 25 points, said Wallace is a tough matchup. Wallace shot 10-for-18 from the field. "He's one of the most difficult guys in the league to guard," Dunleavy said. "When he wants to be a monster, he's a monster. There's not many guys in the league that can guard him." Tayshaun Prince  scored 17 points and  Chauncey Billups  added 13 points and eight assists for the Pistons, who won their third straight game. Detroit has won all three meetings with Indiana this season. Diener scored 18 points and  Jeff Foster  had 11 points and 13 rebounds for the Pacers, who have lost four in a row. Indiana, which was missing point guard  Jamaal Tinsley , made 12 of 24 3-pointers. It was a frustrating game at times for the Pistons, who had trouble distancing themselves from the Pacers. Detroit never led by more than seven points. "They seemed to hang around, hand around, and then every time we thought we could bust it open, they'd hit a scramble 3 or something like that," Detroit coach Flip Saunders said. Detroit, second in the league in scoring defense, gave up its second-highest point total of the season. "It's tough to prepare for them because they don't really run nothing," Billups said. "They're just picking and popping and rolling and shooting 3s. There's really no set way to play them." The Pistons got through the game, largely due to the jolt they got from Wallace's big second quarter. "We started punching it in there and he was scoring every time," Billups said. "We just kept going to him. We established it, and we wanted to establish it in the second half. He got busy." The struggling Pacers need to get some wins during their four-game homestand. "It's a pivotal moment right now," Granger said. "We really have to defend our home court and get some momentum going into the All-Star break." Game notes  Indiana C  David Harrison  played just 10 minutes in his first three games after being suspended for five games for violating the league's anti-drug policy. He played 4 minutes against Detroit. ... Indiana F/C  Jermaine O'Neal  missed his sixth consecutive game with a bone bruise in his left knee. ... Foster started for just the fourth time in the past 21 games as O'Brien went with a bigger lineup. ... Detroit shot 55 percent from the field in the first half while Indiana shot 52 percent. 