EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- The worst shooting performance of  Vince Carter 's career allowed interim coach Jay Triano to see more positive signs from the  Toronto Raptors . Chris Bosh  scored 18 points and Toronto capitalized on Carter's 0-for-13 night against his former team to beat the  New Jersey Nets  101-79 on Friday, the Raptors' second straight win under Triano. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Raptors achieved their second straight win and largest margin of victory of the season.
 
 Vince Carter was held scoreless from the field for the first time since 2002 when he was a member of the Raptors.
 
 New Jersey falls to 4-7 at home and has lost five of their last seven meetings with Toronto over the past three seasons.
 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 



 "We're getting to where we want to be," Triano said. "We really have to clean up our rebounding. The job isn't done on the defensive end until we rebound the basketball. That will come. That's the final part of what we're trying to do. On offense, we're starting to get some flow running the ball. Instead of looking over for plays, run the floor and create on your own." Jason Kapono , with four 3-pointers, and  Joey Graham  each had 16 points for the Raptors, who were outrebounded 50-37.  Jose Calderon  scored 13 as the Raptors improved to 2-3 under Triano, who replaced  Sam Mitchell  on Dec. 3. Yi Jianlian  and  Devin Harris  led the Nets with 14 apiece, while  Bobby Simmons  had 12. Carter finished with three points. He came in averaging 22.3 points before the first game in his career that he failed to make a shot from the field when playing at least 10 minutes. Carter skipped his usual postgame press conference, leaving it to others to explain his night. "Unfortunately, you have nights like that," Nets coach Lawrence Frank said. "It's just one of those things where they have everyone in the paint, so they're giving you the jump shot. It's not just him. We couldn't buy a shot." The Nets shot only 26-of-83 from the field (31 percent). "Our defensive schemes were solid," Kapono said. "We shut down the paint, closed the gaps. Vince missed a lot of shots but that was our game plan, to force guys to make shots from outside." And New Jersey, especially Carter, couldn't make enough. "He had a tough night," said Harris, Carter's backcourt partner. "I know he probably takes this a little bit harder against his former team. We're all going to have those nights. I know he'll bounce back. I'm not too worried about him." The Nets (11-10) continued to struggle at home at 4-7. New Jersey is 7-3 on the road and is the only team with a winning record that is below .500 at home. The Raptors scored the final 10 points to take a 40-34 lead at end of the turnover-filled first half. The Nets had 11 turnovers; the Raptors coughed up the ball eight times. Toronto put together another streak in the third, a 12-0 run, to open a 57- 42 lead, with Calderon and Kapono each chipping in a 3-pointer. Toronto built a 71-53 lead heading into the fourth quarter. Game notes  Calderon made two from the line with 10:50 remaining in the third to set an NBA record with 54 consecutive made free throws to start the season.  Steve Nash  held the old mark of 53 set last year. ... Carter moved past  Richard Jefferson  into fourth place on the Nets' career assists list. Jefferson had 1,486. ... The Raptors became the first team to make a 3-pointer in 800 consecutive games when Calderon connected in the first period. ...  Stromile Swift  (sprained right ankle) and  Jarvis Hayes  (strained right hamstring) remain sidelined for the Nets. ...  Josh Boone  dressed for the Nets for first time in 14 games. He missed 12 with a left ankle contusion and sat out New Jersey's last game as a healthy scratch. ...  Kris Humphries  (right knee tendinitis) and  Anthony Parker  (sprained left ankle) did not dress for Toronto. 