SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) -- At least for one night, the stumbling  Indiana Pacers  should get a good night's sleep after a road game. Mike Dunleavy  scored 23 points and the Pacers never trailed in a 111-105 victory over the  Sacramento Kings , snapping a three-game losing streak. Ahead 105-103 in the final minute,  Jermaine O'Neal  made two free throws and  Danny Granger  hit a 3-pointer with 18 seconds left to help the Pacers end a seven-game road losing streak. "It's always important to win games and especially with the skid we've been on," said O'Neal, who had six of his 12 points in the fourth quarter. "Now we have to start putting games together, get that feeling back by winning consecutive games." That opportunity will come Sunday night at Golden State when the Pacers end a five-game trip. It will be a homecoming for Dunleavy and teammate  Troy Murphy , who were traded last year from the Warriors. "I have no idea and I don't really care [about the reaction from Warriors fans]," said Dunleavy, who was frequently booed while playing for Golden State. "It will be nice to see some familiar faces and some friends, but we're just going there to try and get a win." The Kings were certainly in a giving mood in helping Indiana snap a string of eight losses in the previous nine games. Sacramento matched its season-high with 23 turnovers that led to 25 points. "It's tough. For me to just be pressing so bad and to play my old team," said former Pacer  Brad Miller , who had six turnovers, including five in the first quarter. "They know my game pretty well. It's always tough to have a good game against your old team." Travis Diener  made five 3s and scored a career-high 19 points in playing much of the second half in place of starter  Jamaal Tinsley , who had just two points in 19 minutes. It was Diener scoring 11 points in the third quarter to help the Pacers maintain their lead. Sacramento came out playing well following a sluggish opening half and twice got to within one point before falling behind 86-80 heading into the fourth. "The last two games he [Diener] came in and sparked us, the tempo speeds up when he is on the floor," Pacers coach Jim O'Brien said. "He does a nice job of hitting open threes. He also does a great job of finding open teammates." Granger had 14 points,  Marquis Daniels  scored 12, and  Shawne Williams  and  Kareem Rush  each added 10. Kevin Martin  scored 25 points for the Kings, shooting 7-for-9 from the field and 10-for-10 from the line in his return after missing 17 games with an injury. Martin's first miss, a short jumper in the lane, would have tied the game 103-103 with just under a minute to play and he later had a driving layup go in and out. "It felt a little funny out there, it felt like my first game as a rookie," said Martin, who came off the bench and played 28 minutes. Francisco Garcia  had 22 points and a career-high 12 rebounds and  John Salmons  added 15 points for the Kings. Brad Miller had 14 points and 15 rebounds, and  Beno Udrih  also scored 14. Although the lead was in jeopardy throughout the fourth quarter, the Pacers never trailed, helped by Sacramento's constant mistakes. It's been a season-long pattern for the injury-plagued Kings, who lead the NBA in turnovers per game and had 11 in the first quarter when they trailed 29-21. "It's difficult to overcome the way we started the game in terms of turning the ball over," Kings coach Reggie Theus said. "It sets the tone. I think the early part of the gme most of their points came off turnovers, our mistakes, and not from their offense." Although the Kings got Martin back, two starters still remain sidelined with injuries.  Mike Bibby  has not played all season but is scheduled to return on Wednesday, while  Ron Artest  could be back on the court by late January. Dunleavy enjoyed a big first half, scoring 18 points and helping the Pacers take a 65-53 lead at the break. Game notes  Prior to the game, the Kings had a 7-10 record with Martin in the lineup and the same mark when he didn't play. ... Indiana reserve center  David Harrison  served the first of a five-game suspension against the Kings for violating the NBA's anti-drug program. ... The Pacers made 11-of-28 3-point attempts. 