MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- The  New York Knicks  have never had a game shooting 3-pointers like Wednesday night. The Knicks set a franchise record with 19 3-pointers, hitting 56 percent from beyond the arc, and  Wilson Chandler  scored a career-high 27 points in New York's 132-103 victory over the  Memphis Grizzlies . 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Knicks won their fifth game Wednesday. They didn't reach five wins last season until Nov. 30.
 
 The Grizzlies lost at home for the first time this season.
 
 The Knicks are 4-1 this seaosn when Jamal Crawford scores 20 or more points.
 
 Wednesday was the first time the Knicks scored 130-plus points since a 151-145 overtime win against Detroit on Dec. 27, 2006.
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 
 Chandler missed only one of his 12 shots in the game, and  Nate Robinson  made all eight of his, including five from long range, part of New York's 19-of-34 performance from 3-point territory. "We were just hot. It just happens," Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni said. "It was just one of those nights where the basket looked huge for everybody." Jamal Crawford  added 25 points and eight assists for the Knicks, who shot 59 percent from the field. Memphis entered the game allowing teams to shoot only 41.9 percent from the field, sixth-best in the league. Robinson scored 21, while  Zach Randolph  had 18 points and 10 rebounds. For Robinson, it was a much better night than Tuesday's 92-80 loss at San Antonio, when the reserve guard was 2-of-11 from the field. "It was just fun out there," the 5-foot-9 Robinson said. "I was kind of down because I didn't make many shots -- well, none at all -- against San Antonio. I told [D'Antoni] I was going to hit shots tonight." Rudy Gay  led Memphis with 20 points, while  O.J. Mayo , who had surpassed 30 points in his last two games, scored 17.  Marc Gasol  finished with 16 points for Memphis, which lost for the first time at home this season. Memphis allowed the most points it has in a game this season, had an opponent make more 3-pointers than any other time in franchise history and watched an opponent shoot the best percentage for a game in the young season. "We did not guard the ball well," Memphis coach Marc Iavaroni said. "We did not hustle out on the pick-and-roll defenses, and they put on a show, so we give them credit. We have to learn some lessons from this in terms of how hard you have to play on both ends." New York broke open the game in the third quarter, extending an 11-point halftime lead to as many as 22. The Knicks were never threatened in the fourth, building the lead to as many as 32. Even the reserves got into the act down the stretch, including  Anthony Roberson  hitting a trio of 3-pointers in the final 5:39. The Knicks were 7-of-12 from outside the arc in the fourth. "They gained confidence after every basket," Gasol said. "We were getting down and couldn't get back in the game. Even the guys on the bench hit the 3s, too." The Knicks shot 55 percent to take a 60-49 lead into halftime behind 13 points from Robinson and 11 more from Chandler. Mayo and Gay had 12 apiece, while Gasol contributed 10 before the break for the Grizzlies. New York built the lead to double digits in the second quarter, going 8-of-16 from long range in the half as the Grizzlies seemed satisfied not to guard the perimeter. If that wasn't bad enough, Memphis had trouble hanging onto the ball, committing nine turnovers leading to 15 first-half points for New York. Gasol scored inside early, but Robinson provided a spark for New York off the bench, hitting all five of his shots, including a trio of 3- pointers. That helped erase an early Memphis lead and build the Knicks' advantage to 14 in the second period. The Knicks were 14-of-21 from the field in the third period, taking a 95-77 advantage into the fourth. Memphis did not have a bad night shooting, connecting on 49 percent of its shots, but that was not enough to overcome the Knicks' sizzling performance. Memphis shot fewer 3-pointers (16) than the Knicks made, and Memphis' 17 turnovers led to 24 New York points. Still, the inability to stop the Knicks, particularly from long range, was tough to handle for Memphis. The Knicks shot better than 60 percent in three of the final four quarters. "This game was a big disappointment," Grizzlies forward  Hakim Warrick  said. "It's a long season, and you're going to have games like this. Teams are going to have a hot shooting night. It kind of messed us up on the offensive end. We need to learn from it." Game notes  The Grizzlies have given up 100 points in last five games. ... Randolph has six straight games with double-doubles. ... Knicks rookie  Danilo Gallinari , still bothered by a bad back, had an MRI on Tuesday and is scheduled to see specialists Thursday and next week. The Knicks won't have further information about his status until after those appointments. Coach Mike D'Antoni said before the game there doesn't seem to be any definite timetable for his return. "As soon as he gets well, he'll be back," D'Antoni said. "Where it leads, no one knows. ...I would think at age 20, he'll get over it, whatever it takes. At this point, I don't think anybody knows." ...The Knicks' previous record for 3-pointers was 17 against the  Atlanta Hawks  in 2005. ...The previous record for 3-pointers by a Grizzlies opponent was 18 twice, the last time coming Jan. 23 last season by Orlando. ...Crawford is averaging 27 points over the last four games. ...The Knicks are 5-0 this season when they score 100 points. ...The Knicks' 5-3 start is the best since the 2000-01 season. 