MILWAUKEE (AP) -- After his team blew an 11-point lead in the last 92 seconds of regulation, there was no way  Milwaukee Bucks  coach Larry Krystkowiak expected to be talking about a win after the game. "There was a stretch there where I can't say I was anticipating standing up here with a smile on his face," he said. Mo Williams  helped put the smile on Krystkowiak's face with hit two key 3-pointers in overtime, helping the shorthanded Bucks beat the  Washington Wizards  105-102 Sunday. Williams led the Bucks with 25 points and  Charlie Bell  added 22. Michael Redd , Milwaukee's leading scorer, did not play because of a left knee strain.  Charlie Villanueva  also did not dress because of a lower back strain. The Bucks overcame a career-high 40 points from the Wizards'  Caron Butler  to earn their third victory in the last 10 games and avenge a 24-point home loss to the Wizards on Jan. 4.  Andrew Bogut  added 18 points and 15 rebounds for the Bucks, while  Royal Ivey  added a career-high 17 points. Williams said he felt he was responsible for the Bucks blowing the 11-point lead at the end of regulation. "It all started with me having a turnover and it went downhill from there," he said. "I felt really good coming through for my team in overtime." Krystkowiak said he was proud of the way his team responded during overtime. "We talked during the timeout prior to the overtime that it was one of those defining moment where whatever you could do to muster up some energy and courage was needed," he said. Krystkowiak also praised the play of reserve guard  Awvee Storey , who scored eight points in 17 minutes, including a key jumper near the end of regulation. "Awvee was great," Krystkowiak said. "That's what he brings to us in practice all the time. I thought he was one of the catalysts for the tempo of the game changing." The loss was tough for the Racine-native Butler, who was playing in front of his family, including his mother, who was sitting courtside. Butler hit 13 of 27 shots, including four 3-pointers, grabbed eight rebounds and had five steals. "It was fun being back in front of the home crowd, but it would have been better with a win," he said. When asked if his performance would help secure him a spot as an All-Star when reserves are announced, Butler said he had no idea. "We'll have to wait and see what happens," he said. "I'm doing everything possible to get there." Wizards coach Eddie Jordan, who has been lobbying for Butler to be named to the All-Star team, said Butler's performance was that of "an All-Star player." In overtime, Butler stole the ball and hit a driving layup with 2:18 remaining. He was fouled and hit the free throw to give the Wizards a 99-95 lead. Williams hit a 3-pointer from the baseline with 1:19 remaining to cut the lead to 99-98. After  Brendan Haywood  missed a jumper, Williams hit another 3 from the top of the key to give the Bucks a 101-99 lead with 47 seconds remaining. DeShawn Stevenson  then missed a jumper, with Bogut getting the rebound. After a timeout, Storey hit a 21-foot jumper with the shot clock running out to give the Bucks a 103-99 lead. Butler then hit a 3-pointer from the corner to trim the lead to one. Williams was fouled and hit both free throws to make it 105-102 before Jamison missed a desperation 3-pointer at the buzzer. "We just didn't execute the way we needed to at the end," Jordan said. The Wizards tied the game when Butler grabbed a missed free throw and scored with 20 seconds remaining in regulation. It was the Wizards' second straight offensive rebound and basket on a missed free throw in the final minute. "We were just doing everything we could to get back in the game at the point," Butler said. After a timeout, Williams dribbled the ball until he missed a 3-pointer at the buzzer. Game notes  The Bucks hit only one of their first 11 shots and scored just two points in the first seven minutes of the game. ... Butler's 10 free throws gave him 70 consecutive made free throws. He last missed a free throw Dec. 28 in New Jersey and holds the longest active NBA streak. With the loss, the Wizards are 4-14 in their last 18 games in Milwaukee. 