PORTLAND, Ore. --  Brandon Roy  had a throbbing finger, a swollen knee and a challenge from his coach not to let either slow him down. Roy scored 29 points before sitting out the fourth quarter, and the  Portland Trail Blazers  snapped a three-game losing streak Tuesday night with a 109-77 victory over the struggling Kings. "Brandon is emerging as the kind of player who is able to take control of the game," said Blazers coach  Nate McMillan , who met with Roy before the game for a pep talk. "What you are seeing is what stars do -- the [ Kobe Bryant s], the  [Steve] Nash es, the [ Dwyane] Wade s." Playing with a splint on his injured right pinkie finger, Roy fell just short of scoring 30 points for the fourth straight game. The All-Star guard tore a tendon in his finger while scoring a career-high 38 against the  Los Angeles Clippers  last Friday. He had fluid drained from his left knee before Tuesday's game. "I bounced right up and got ready to go out there," Roy said. "I'm not going to make any excuses while I am out there. I'm just going to play." LaMarcus Aldridge  had 15 points and 10 rebounds for the Blazers, who stopped their longest skid of the season. John Salmons  had 16 of his 21 points in the first quarter for the Kings, but he didn't score in the second half. Sacramento fell to 1-1 under interim coach Kenny Natt, who took over for the fired Reggie Theus on Monday.  Francisco Garcia  was the only other Sacramento player in double figures with 12 points on 2-of-8 shooting. The Kings beat Minnesota 118-103 on Monday in Natt's coaching debut. But missing leader scorer  Kevin Martin  for the 17th straight game, the Kings lagged after a quick start. Sacramento made eight of its first nine shots but finished at just 31 percent in its 11th loss in 13 games. Point guard  Beno Udrih  was just 2-of-10 shots and  Jason Thompson  was 2-of-9. "Guys started hanging their heads and feeling sorry for themselves," Natt said. "My job is to try to keep these guys motivated and try to encourage them as much as possible. Unfortunately this was one of [the Blazers'] nights where they played their best." Salmons scored 14 of Sacramento's first 18 points and the Kings led by as many as eight in the first quarter. The Blazers went on a 16-4 run to take back the lead and they led 28-27 after the first quarter.  Brad Miller 's basket got the Kings within 39-37, but Roy scored Portland's next 11 points and Portland went into halftime up 54-42. Playing for the second straight night, Sacramento looked tired in the second half. Missed shots added up and the Blazers pulled away, getting points from all 12 active players as the lead grew to 30 points and beyond. "We had a definite meltdown and lost our defensive effort," Natt said. The Blazers outrebounded the Kings 59-38. Aldridge (10),  Greg Oden  (10) and  Joel Przybilla  (14) each were in double figures in rebounds for Portland. Game notes  The Blazers retired former point guard  Terry Porter 's No. 30 in a halftime ceremony. Porter, now coach of the  Phoenix Suns , played for the Blazers from 1985-95 and is Portland's career leader in assists. Sacramento guard  Bobby Jackson  was ejected in the second quarter after picking up two technical fouls for arguing with official Sean Wright. Roy was 15-of-15 from the free throw line. 