DALLAS -- With  Dirk Nowitzki  not feeling his best,  Jason Kidd  did something Thursday night that he prefers to leave to others. The pass-first point guard elected to shoot the basketball. Kidd made two big baskets in the fourth quarter, and the  Dallas Mavericks  overcame a subpar game from an ill Nowitzki to beat the  New York Knicks  99-94. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 After starting the season 2-7, the Mavericks have won 20 of their last 26 games.
 
 Dirk Nowitzki had 10 points, seven rebounds, and seven assists, marking the fifth time in the last five seasons he's scored 10 points or fewer in a game.
 
 New York lost for the ninth straight time in Dallas.
 
 The Knicks dropped to 2-9 in their last 11 games. 
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 "You have to erase your floppy disc and become a shooter," said Kidd, who had 16 points, seven rebounds and four assists. "I had some great looks that didn't go in, but guys kept telling me to keep shooting." Nowitzki, the NBA's fourth-leading scorer, was 3-of-13 from the floor and scored 10 points, just two more than his season low. Dallas coach Rick Carlisle said after the game Nowitzki played with a temperature of 101 degrees. The Dallas star shrugged it off, saying he had a "head cold," and that his performance had more to do with the Knicks throwing constant double teams at him. Nowitzki missed his final seven shots. "When it was winning time, I didn't have a great rhythm shooting the ball," Nowitzki said. "I was able to get some assists when they double-teamed me." One of Nowitzki's seven assists gave Dallas the lead for good. He found Kidd open for a 24-foot jumper that put the Mavericks on top 87-86 with 5:44 left. Kidd, who was 6-of-15 shooting, nailed a 3-pointer with 4:11 remaining to put the Mavericks up 93-89. The Mavericks' point guard hadn't taken that many shots since Dec. 9, a double overtime loss to San Antonio. "[Kidd] made a couple tough shots there," Nowitzki said. "They basically left him alone all night. He knocked some shots down for us." The Mavericks have beaten the Knicks nine straight times in Dallas. New York hasn't won on the Mavericks' home court since a 100-93 victory on Dec. 16, 1999, back when Dallas played a couple of miles down the road in Reunion Arena. Knicks center  Eddy Curry , who missed the first 33 games with a knee injury, saw his first action of the season. He entered with 2:42 left in the first quarter and scored on a layup just more than a minute later. That's was Curry's only shot attempt in 2 1/2 minutes of action. He also grabbed two rebounds. Chris Duhon  hit his first nine shots and scored 24 points, and  Wilson Chandler  added 20 for the Knicks, who have lost two in a row since beating defending champion Boston on Sunday. New York's  David Lee  had 13 points and 15 rebounds -- his seventh consecutive double-double. Duhon finished 10-of-14 from the field. "What makes it frustrating is we're playing some pretty good basketball against some of the best teams in the NBA," Lee said. "To come up short, that's frustrating." Josh Howard  led six Dallas players in double figures with 19 points.  Antoine Wright  had 13 points,  Brandon Bass  added 12 and  Jason Terry  10. Dallas has won five of six, all against losing teams. But the Mavericks had to rally from 29 down to beat Minnesota last week, lost to Memphis on Sunday, and needed a late surge to beat the  Los Angeles Clippers  on Tuesday. "I hear a lot of people talk about how it would be nice to have some easy games," Carlisle said. "I don't look at it that way. This is the most competitive year from top to bottom I've seen." Al Harrington  converted a three-point play to cut Dallas' lead to 95-94. The Knicks had a chance to take the lead on their next three possessions, but failed on those chances. Nowitzki hit two free throws to put Dallas ahead by three, and Terry sealed it by hitting a long jumper with 9 seconds left. The Knicks (6-of-24) shot 25 percent in the fourth. Over the last 2:18, they missed all six of their shots. "They're playing about as hard as they can play and giving ourselves a chance to win," coach Mike D'Antoni said. "We just haven't done it yet." Duhon, 9-of-9 from the floor in the first half, had 22 points as the Knicks led 59-54 at halftime. The point guard capped his perfect half with a layup and his fourth 3-pointer of the game to give New York an eight-point edge just before halftime. Duhon's first miss came when  Erick Dampier  blocked his layup attempt with 8:40 left in the third. Game notes  Knicks G  Nate Robinson , 1-for-9 from 3-point range Thursday, is 3-of-30 from long distance in his past five games. ... The Mavericks have won 12 of their last 14 home games. ... D'Antoni received a technical for arguing a foul call with 10:56 left. 