CLEVELAND -- It's not often someone other than  LeBron James  gets top billing in a victory by the  Cleveland Cavaliers .  Delonte West  provided a rare exception Sunday night. West scored 25 points in his first game since mid-January and led the Cavaliers to a 99-78 win over the  Detroit Pistons  on Sunday night. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Cavs became the 18th team to begin a season with 25 or more wins in their first 26 home games, and first since the 2001-02 Sacramento Kings.
 
 Delonte West's 25 points were a season high, and the most he's scored as a member of the Cavaliers.
 
 Cleveland hit 10 of 18 3-pointers, the fifth time this season they've shot better than 55 percent from 3-point range.
 
 The Pistons fell to 27-27 and are now at .500 or worse for the first time this season. They've lost six straight and 10 of 13 overall.
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 
 West, sidelined since Jan. 15 with a fractured right wrist, was 8-of-11 from the field and made all five of his 3-point attempts. He scored 13 points in the first quarter when the Cavaliers put the game away against the sluggish Pistons, who have lost six straight for the first time since February 2004, and fell to 27-27. "Was Delonte injured?" joked James, who had 20 points in 31 minutes after scoring 55 Friday night against Milwaukee. "Wow. He played like he was never out. It was great to have him back out there." West showed no rustiness from his 16-game layoff. "Once your adrenaline gets going, you don't feel an injury," West said. "I was happy with the way I played." It didn't take long for West to regain trust in his shot. "Making shots always gives you confidence," West said. "It's always good for a shooter to see that ball go through the nets." The Cavaliers, who have the NBA's best home record at 25-1, lead the reeling Pistons by 16 games in the Central Division. Detroit, which has lost 15 of 20, began a five-game trip, which also features stops in Miami, New Orleans, Orlando and Boston. "We stunk the gym out," said  Allen Iverson , who led the Pistons with 14 points. "We acted like strangers out there tonight." The Cavaliers, who trailed only at 2-0, had three big runs in the first half, the first two coming less than 15 minutes in. Leading 9-8 early in the first quarter, Cleveland went on a 15-0 run, sparked by two 3-pointers by West and five points by James, pushing the lead to 16. The Cavaliers added a 12-0 spurt early in the second quarter, building the lead to 43-19. That burst featured two 3-pointers from  Mo Williams  and six points by  Zydrunas Ilgauskas . A 13-0 run later in the period, sparked by seven points by James and five by West, including another 3-pointer, pushed the lead to 63-29 with 1:46 left before halftime. While the Cavaliers were 12-4 without West, his presence was missed on both ends of the floor. "He's a multitalened player who can do a lot of things," James said. "We missed having him." Cleveland built the lead to 36 in the third quarter. "I thought our guys did a nice job defensively at the beginning of the game," Cleveland coach  Mike Brown . "We did a nice job contesting shots." Detroit coach  Michael Curry  is looking for answers to turn his team around. "This was disappointing," he said. "We talked about having trust out on the court -- helping each other offensively and defensively." James, who was able to sit out the fourth quarter, added nine assists and five rebounds. He also recorded a resounding block of Iverson's layup attempt in the third quarter. Ilgauskas added 16 for Cleveland, while  Wally Szczerbiak  scored 15.  Walter Herrmann  scored 13 for Detroit. Game notes  Detroit G  Rodney Stuckey , who totaled five points in the previous two games, scored 10. ... Pistons F  Jason Maxiell  was given a technical foul in the second quarter. ... The Cavaliers committed three turnovers through the first three quarters and finished with six for the game, tying a season low . ... Sunday night marked Brown's 300th games as Cavaliers coach. ... Cavaliers radio play-by-play announcer Joe Tait missed the game because of kidney stones. 