MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- With only eight players in uniform and suffering through a six-game losing streak, the  Sacramento Kings  had a lot to overcome. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Kevin Martin had 33 points (including 15-of-15 from the line) to lead seven Kings in double figures as they snapped a six-game losing streak and won on the road for only the second time in 23 road games.
 
  The Grizzlies were led by double-doubles from Rudy Gay (23 points, 10 rebounds) and Mike Conley (16 points, 10 rebounds) and held a 55-38 rebounding advantage, but shot only 38.3 percent from the field.
 
 Memphis has lost four straight overall and falls to a season-low 25 games under .500.
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 
 
 So, to bring a feeling of unity, reserve guard  Bobby Jackson  dubbed them the Eight Amigos for a night. The change in attitude helped as  Kevin Martin  scored 33 points,  Jason Thompson  had 17 points and nine rebounds and the Kings snapped their skid with a 115-106 victory over the  Memphis Grizzlies  on Friday night. "We just came out with that mentality," said Kings center  Spencer Hawes , who had 11 points. "We had to stick together, and everyone, I think, gave it 110 percent -- not just for 24 minutes or 36 minutes, but for 48 minutes." The Kings were short-handed because of trades earlier this week that left new acquisitions in transit and not available for the game. However, seven players reached double figures, including  Beno Udrih  with 18 points and six assists.  Francisco Garcia  scored 15 points, while  Donte Greene  matched Hawes' 11 points. Jackson added 10. "When things like that happen," Jackson said of the lack of players, "you've got to stay together as a team and come out and fight. We did that. "It was just to keep everyone on their toes," Jackson added of the Eight Amigos line. "Keep them laughing and not thinking about eight players, but think about having each other's backs." O.J. Mayo  led Memphis with 24 points, and  Rudy Gay  had 23 points and 10 rebounds.  Mike Conley  had 16 points, 10 rebounds and seven assists for the Grizzlies, who shot only 38 percent in losing their fourth straight. "It started early," Memphis coach Lionel Hollins said of the poor shooting. "It was a lack of energy and effort. It's humbling. "We see the Sacramento Kings 11-34, but we can never disrespect anybody. Not in our position." Sacramento built the lead to 11 with 3:17 left and had to sustain a late rally that brought the Grizzlies to 102-99 after Mayo stole the ball and scored on a dunk with 1:32 left. But Garcia answered with a 3-pointer on the other end to put the game out of reach. "Everybody spent so much energy in the third quarter, we were kind of taking a back seat trying to stay in the game," Conley said. There was plenty of sloppy play in this matchup of teams at the bottom of their respective divisions. Players fumbled passes, there were shot clock violations and turnovers that came fast enough that the racing up-and-down the floor was reminiscent of a tennis match. Through the first 4 minutes of the second quarter, the teams combined for seven miscues. "We made some mistakes, but they kept fighting," Kings interim coach Kenny Natt said. "We told them to just keep playing forward. The guys did that, and we were able to pull the game out." The Memphis shooting woes were evident starting in the second quarter. Grizzlies starters were a combined 7-for-25 in the half, including Gay going 1-for-8 and Conley missing six of his seven shots. The Grizzlies' ragged play, poor shooting and 10 consecutive points for Sacramento allowed the Kings to erase an early Memphis advantage midway through the second, helping Sacramento take a 54-50 lead at the break. Martin led the way with 15 points in the half. The Kings extended their lead at the start of the second half as Martin continued to score, and Memphis not only couldn't shoot well, but became lackadaisical on defense in the early stages of the period. Martin, the league's seventh-leading scorer at 24.2, already had reached his average late in the third quarter. But the Grizzlies turned up the intensity enough to pull even, although Sacramento carried an 81-78 lead into the fourth. "I thought [we] would play hard," Natt said, "but I thought the Grizzlies would play a lot better than they did. That was my fear." And with new players coming in, and a lengthy losing streak behind them, the Kings are looking to maintain the new approach, and not quit down the stretch. "That's not the mentality we have. We're a lot of hungry, competitive guys," Hawes said. "[Coasting] hasn't been our mindset. Even when we've been losing, we've been battling. "We look at it as an opportunity, rather than like some other teams that just want to limp to the finish line." Game notes  Both teams had a bit of a different look because of trades. The Kings traded  Brad Miller  and  John Salmons  in one three-team deal, and  Shelden Williams  and  Bobby Brown  in another trade. The new Kings, such as  Rashad McCants ,  Calvin Booth ,  Drew Gooden ,  Andres Nocioni  and  Ike Diogu  had not joined the team yet. The Kings also waived  Mikki Moore . ... Memphis acquisitions C  Chris Mihm , G  Mike Wilks  and C  Adonal Foyle  also were not with the team. ... Officials reviewed Greene's 3-pointer at the end of the first quarter before confirming that the basket was before the horn. They also reviewed Bobby Jackson's shot just before halftime and ruled it good. ... Kings interim coach Kenny Natt is now 6-26. The Grizzlies outrebounded Sacramento 55-38, the sixth consecutive game that Memphis has outrebounded its opponent. 