PORTLAND, Ore. -- Trail Blazers guard  Steve Blake  couldn't have put Portland's philosophy at this point of the season any more plainly. "Got to get wins, you know?" he said after the Blazers, bunched in the crowded middle of the Western Conference standings, routed the  San Antonio Spurs  102-84 on Sunday night. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Blazers won their ninth straight home game, led by 26 points apiece from Brandon Roy and LaMarcus Aldridge.
 
 The win improved Portland to 27-2 when scoring 100-plus points this season.
 
 The Spurs have lost four games by 18 or more points this season, all coming against opponents from cities starting with the letter 'P' (Portland twice, Phoenix, Philadelphia).
 
 The Spurs dropped to 1-2 vs. Portland this season after winning 19 of the previous 20 meetings in the series.
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 
 Brandon Roy  and  LaMarcus Aldridge  each scored 26 points for Portland, spoiling the return of  Tim Duncan  to the Spurs. The Spurs didn't even play Duncan in the fourth quarter after Portland led by as many as 29 points. The All-Star forward had missed the last three games with a right quad injury. "I hate to walk back into a situation like this and not play well and get blown out," Duncan said. Blake added 15 for the Blazers, who won their ninth straight at the Rose Garden Arena. Portland is 24-5 at home this season. Fighting for its first playoff appearance since 2002-03, Portland was coming off a 1-2 road trip that included a 99-84 loss to the Spurs in San Antonio on Wednesday.  Tony Parker  led the way with 39 points in that one. He had 15 against the Blazers on Sunday, and, like Duncan, did not play the fourth quarter. Duncan, who leads the Spurs with an average of 20.7 points and 10.7 rebounds, had 14 points in his return. He sat out thee games after his knee became stiff last Tuesday before a game against Dallas. The Spurs were coming off a 97-86 loss at home Friday to the Cavaliers, which ended a four-game winning streak. The Blazers were still without rookie center  Greg Oden , who missed his seventh game with bone chip in his left knee. He suffered the injury against Golden State before the All-Star break. It is not believed the injury will keep Oden out for an extended period. Oden has had light workouts with the team in recent days. The top pick in the 2007 draft, Oden sat out last season after microfracture surgery on his right knee. He also missed six games early this season with a foot injury. Portland jumped to a 20-12 lead after Blake's 3-pointer, then extended it to 31-19 on another 3 from Blake. Channing Frye , who has been getting more playing time because of Oden's absence, hit consecutive layups that gave the Blazers a 44-21 lead. Frye finished with 12 points. Rudy Fernandez 's 3-pointer made it 52-28 and the Trail Blazers led 64-37 at the half. In the fourth quarter, with most of the starters watching from the bench, the Rose Garden fans got so bored they started a wave. "To start the game that way against a team we had beaten pretty good quite recently was disappointing. It shows possibly a laissez-faire sort of attitude," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. "I would have expected us to come out knowing we were in for a heck of a battle. I'm not sure we came with the approach or respect we needed." There was concern when Roy went to the locker room midway through the third quarter. Roy later said he was having trouble with one of his shoes. He eventually returned but played only sparingly the rest of the way because of the Blazers' decisive margin. "We looked like the younger, fresher team out there," Roy said. "We were more aggressive and played with a lot more energy." Game notes  San Antonio reserve guard Malik Hariston, a rookie who went to the University of Oregon, was greeted with warm applause when he entered the game in the second quarter. ... Portland's 64 first-half points tied the mark for the most for a Spurs opponent. ... San Antonio remained without  Manu Ginobili , expected to miss at least another week with an ankle injury. 