HOUSTON -- The  Houston Rockets  kept their record clean in second games of back-to-backs. Still, it almost got a little messy in the fourth quarter. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Rockets continue their roller-coaster ride, alternating wins and losses for each of their last 11 games. 
 
 Houston, which outscored Sacramento 33-22 in the fourth quarter, reached the 100-point plateau for the 12th time in 13 games. 

 
 Luis Scola finished with a team-high 22 points and 12 rebounds for Houston. It's his fourth 20-point, 10-rebound game this season and ninth of his career.

 
 Rookie guard Tyreke Evans didn't play for the Kings due to a sprained finger.


 
 -- ESPN Stats  &  Information 
 
 


  

 
   After leading by 15 points in the second quarter and holding a 59-52 halftime edge, the Rockets needed 22 points from  Luis Scola  and some defense down the stretch to beat the  Sacramento Kings  113-106 on Saturday night. "It was a really hard and long week," Scola said. "We had some good and bad moments. We fought, we played hard. We can't always win pretty but tonight was a huge win for us. We needed a win." The Rockets moved to 4-0 this season in second games of back-to-backs. Kyle Lowry  had eight assists and hit four straight free throws to ice it. "We couldn't get it going until the last couple of minutes," Lowry said. "Me and Scola both hit some open jump shots. We finished the game strong. It took us a while to get going. The last time we played them we played sluggish and let them control the game." The Kings played without rookie  Tyreke Evans , who sprained a finger on his right hand diving for a ball Friday night in a 104-102 loss to Dallas He scored 29 points against the Mavericks and is averaging 18.2 points this season. The Kings had six players in double figures, led by  Spencer Hawes  with 24 points and  Beno Udrih  with 18. The Rockets had five players in double figures.  Trevor Ariza  added 19 for the Rockets. "I like the spirit and the effort on this team," Kings coach Paul Westphal said. "Everyone should be pleased with the way we're playing. I like the way we compete every night. I'm sorry we couldn't cash in on the effort. This team has heart but we haven't learned how to win." With the score tied 101-all, Scola scored a go-ahead basket with 3:41 to play. He followed with two rebounds that helped the Rockets stay ahead. The Rockets led by 59-52 to start the third quarter but the Kings came out shooting 3-pointers, two to start the period by  Donte Greene . Sacramento used an 11-0 spurt midway in the third quarter to take its first lead of the game, 71-69 on a basket by  Omri Casspi  with 5:40 left in the period. "You don't give out consolation prizes but all we want are notches in the win column," Hawes said. "They executed better than we did at the end. A lot of guys stepped up tonight but we fell short." Scola took charge from the beginning, leading the Rockets' hot start with 14 points on 6-for-10 shooting in the period. The Rockets shot 65 percent from the field in the opening period and had their biggest lead at 33-24 to end the period. The Rockets lost to the  Dallas Mavericks  in the final second on Friday night. "That's the good thing about the NBA," Ariza said. "You get a tough loss the night before and you get an opportunity to come back the next night and change the outcome. Once we lost that one, we kind of forgot about it, got on the plane and got here and we got some good rest. We game back and got a win today." Game notes  The Rockets lost to the Kings 109-100 on Nov. 13 despite having three players in double figures, Trevor Ariza (28),  Shane Battier  (23) and Luis Scola (20). ... The Rockets had a three-game winning streak early in the season but since then they haven't won more than one in a row. ... Houston has won the last five games against Sacramento in Houston. ... The Kings have scored 100 points in seven of their last eight games. ... Rockets coach Rick Adelman is the winningest coach in Kings history (395-229). 