SALT LAKE CITY -- After trudging through most of November, the  Utah Jazz  finished the month with the kind of game that's been expected of them. Carlos Boozer  had 24 points, 15 rebounds and seven assists, and  Ronnie Brewer  was one off his career high with 25 points as the Jazz won their third straight, 120-93 victory over the  Memphis Grizzlies  on Monday night. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Jazz defeated the Grizzlies for the 10th straight time, led by a season-high 25 points from Ronnie Brewer (one point off his career high).
 
 Carlos Boozer had 24 points, 15 rebounds and 7 assists for his second straight double-double and fifth straight 20-point game.
 
 O.J. Mayo led the Grizzlies with 20 points, his fourth 20-point game of the season, but Memphis fell to 2-9 on the road.
 
 -- ESPN Stats  &  Information 
 
 "That's what we're supposed to do," Brewer said. "We're so talented. We've got so many guys who can do so many things, there's no reason why we shouldn't play like we have the last three games." It was the most points for Utah this season. The Jazz's three-game winning streak ties their biggest of the season and puts Utah (10-7) three games above .500 for the first time. "We're making the extra pass and we're shooting 60 percent or close to it every game," said Boozer, who flirted with a triple-double until resting most of the fourth quarter. "On the defensive side, we're doing a great job of finishing." The Jazz beat the Grizzlies for the 10th straight time, going 45 for 77 from the floor and hitting 7-of-14 3-pointers. Rookie  Wesley Matthews  scored a career-high 17, going 6 for 7 from the floor, and  Deron Williams  had 22 points and six assists for the Jazz. Utah had 28 assists to Memphis' 15. "We're trying to share the basketball. When you do that, you get better shots," Utah coach Jerry Sloan said. O.J. Mayo  had 20 points to lead the Grizzlies. Memphis was without leading scorer  Rudy Gay  (family reasons) and fell to 2-9 on the road. The Grizzlies were coming off a 98-88 loss at the  Los Angeles Clippers  on Sunday, when they blew a 20-point lead and scored just seven points in the fourth quarter. The only lead Memphis held on Monday was 2-0 and that didn't last long. "They're playing really well," Memphis coach Lionel Hollins said. "They've destroyed a couple of teams here in their last games and we just got added to that." Sam Young  scored a career-high 17 in his first start and  Zach Randolph  had 15 points and nine rebounds for the Grizzlies. All nine Utah players who made it into the game scored and six of them scored in double figures. The Jazz never trailed after Matthews broke a 2-2 tie on a 3-pointer with 10:14 left in the first quarter. "We just couldn't make a stop when we needed it," Young said. "I think a lot of times we felt like we had some momentum but couldn't get stops on defense." The Jazz went up 88-68 in the third quarter after a layup by  Kyrylo Fesenko , then they closed the period on a 7-2 run. Williams started it with a 3-pointer, then Brewer stole a pass from  Marcus Williams  and took it in all alone for a showboat one-handed dunk, which he followed with an acrobatic layup over  DeMarre Carroll  after another turnover by the Grizzlies. "I don't know how that layup went in, truthfully," said Brewer, who banked the shot high off the backboard and in as he tumbled toward the baseline. The rout continued in the fourth quarter when Matthews dipped the ball behind the backboard for a reverse layup that made it 103-78. Game notes  Utah's previous scoring high this season was 113. ... The Jazz were 12 for 17 from the floor in the first quarter. ... All the Jazz starters had scored in double figures by halftime except for Okur, who had just two points in 12 minutes because of foul trouble and a sore chest. ... The Jazz improved to 4-1 on a six-game homestand. 