MILWAUKEE --  Michael Redd  made quick work of the  Charlotte Bobcats . Michael Redd scored 18 of his 31 points in the first quarter, and  Charlie Villanueva  had 27 in the  Milwaukee Bucks ' 103-75 victory Friday night. "You have nights like this sometimes where everything feels good," Redd said. "My teammates did a great job of getting me the ball and I was able to hit some shots and get in a good rhythm." Richard Jefferson  added 18 points in the Bucks' fifth straight victory over the Bobcats.  Boris Diaw  led Charlotte with 16 points,  Emeka Okafor  had 11 points and 12 rebounds, and  Gerald Wallace  added 11 points and 10 rebounds. "We played like a team of total strangers," Bobcats coach Larry Brown said. "And they played like a good team. Michael was terrific and we couldn't do much to slow him down." Redd said he wasn't aware that  Michael Jordan , the Bobcats' part-owner and managing member of basketball operations, was sitting three rows behind Charlotte's bench. "I'm sure he will say something to me before the game tomorrow and it won't be positive," Redd said. Bucks coach Scott Skiles praised Redd's defensive effort. "Tonight he had a hot hand and you've all seen that before," Skiles said. "We've asked a lot of Michael so far this year and he's done it. We've asked him to not only guard his man, but be involved in our team defensive concept. He's become a way above average defender for us." Villanueva broke out of a a scoring slump. "I've been struggling these last few games," he said. "I didn't finish 2008 like I wanted to, but it's a new year. It was just a matter of time for me to get out of my slump. The Bucks, not known for their defensive prowess, held the Bobcats to 13 points in third quarter to turn a 12-point halftime lead into a 19-point bulge at 76-57 at the end of the third quarter. Villanueva had eight points in the quarter. The Bobcats hit just four of 15 shots in the quarter and had nine turnovers. Charlotte could get no closer than 19 points in the fourth quarter as both teams rested a lot of their starters for the rematch Saturday night in Charlotte. For the game, Charlotte shot just 38 percent and had 23 turnovers. "It was another good defensive game for us," said Skiles, who has been preaching defense to his team since the start of training camp. Wallace said the Bobcats' turnovers really hurt the team. "It was just a lack of focus and not being prepared to play I guess," said Wallace, who had four turnovers. Game notes  Bobcats guard  Raja Bell  missed his second straight game because of a groin strain. ... Bucks center  Andrew Bogut  scored just two points. ... With his free throw with 2:49 remaining in the first half, Redd moved into fifth place on the Bucks' career scoring list, passing Marques Johnson, who scored 10,980 during his eight-year career with the Bucks. 