PORTLAND, Ore. --  Martell Webster  took full advantage of his return to the  Portland Trail Blazers ' starting lineup. Webster had a season-high 21 points and 13 rebounds and keyed a third quarter rally with three consecutive 3-pointers in the Trail Blazers' 106-78 victory over the free-falling  Minnesota Timberwolves  on Saturday night. "You need a guy who can keep that defense honest," Portland coach  Nate McMillan  said. "If they don't, [Webster] has the ability to hurt them with the 3-point ball." Brandon Roy  added 18 points for Portland, which handed the Timberwolves their 12th straight loss. The Wolves haven't won since beating winless New Jersey in the opener. Greg Oden  had 16 points, and  Steve Blake  14 points and nine assists for the Blazers, winners of 11 straight against Minnesota. Portland rallied after falling behind early in the second half. Roy scored 11 points, and the Blazers went on a 16-0 run to open up the fourth. The Wolves managed just three field goals in the final quarter. Al Jefferson  led the Wolves with 20 points and 10 rebounds in his second game back after the death of his grandmother.  Oleksiy Pecherov  had 12 points and 10 rebounds. "We're not secure as a team, we're not together as a team, and we don't have enough experience as a team," Minnesota coach  Kurt Rambis  said. "When we get in these tough situations, we don't know what to do." One night after a 108-94 loss to Golden State, McMillan ditched the three-guard lineup he been used for the past nine games, starting Webster over  Andre Miller . "As a team we started playing better defense," Blake said. "Guys started making shots, Martell was playing great, had a great all-around game. It was a total team effort." The Blazers led 23-14 after the first quarter but made just six of 20 field goals in the second. The Wolves started the quarter with a 6-0 run and got to 37-34 on a jumper from  Damien Wilkins . They trailed 40-37 at halftime. The Wolves briefly led, going up 45-44 on a strong move inside by  Ryan Hollins . Roy, who was 3-of-10 shooting in the first half, made all five of his shots in the third and the Blazers began to pull away. "We played well up to the third quarter, with about five minutes to go," Minnesota's  Ryan Gomes  said. "After that they just ran off with it." The Wolves are in the midst of their longest losing streak since they lost 13 in a row from Nov. 29 to Dec. 23. They have lost eight in a row by more than 10 points. Joel Przybilla  had a season-high 14 points and 11 rebounds, and  LaMarcus Aldridge  added 10 points for the Blazers, who play their next three games at home. Game notes  The Blazers are 32-10 at home against Minnesota. ... The Wolves lost to Portland for the third time this season. Each of first two losses was by 23 points. ... Minnesota made all 18 of its free-throw attempts. 