CLEVELAND -- They dunked on the  Boston Celtics . Then, they danced all over them. In an unforgettable season like none they've had before, the  Cleveland Cavaliers  are celebrating each milestone and moment. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Cavaliers improved to 39-1 at home and are one home win away from tying the 1985-86 Celtics for the best single-season home record in NBA history. 
 
 Cleveland has won four straight games. 
 
 The Celtics snapped a six-game win streak with the loss.
 
 Boston has lost its last eight regular-season games in Cleveland, the Celtics' longest current road losing streak against any opponent. 
 
 -- ESPN Stats  &  Information 
 
 
 LeBron James  made five 3-pointers and scored 29 points before swaying to the music in his seat, and the Cavaliers throttled the defending NBA champions 107-76 on Sunday to move within one win of matching the 1985-86 Celtics for the best home record in league history. At 39-1, the Cavs can tie Boston's hallowed mark against Philadelphia on Wednesday night. But equaling those Celtics of Bird, McHale and Parrish won't mean anything if the Cavs, who have already clinched the Eastern Conference's No. 1 playoff seed, can't dethrone the current guys in green sometime this spring. Flexing their defensive muscles, the Cavs led 31-9 after the first quarter, opened a 30-point lead in the second and turned a possible playoff preview into a rout. It was Cleveland's most lopsided win ever in 173 games against the Celtics. 
 
 
 
 Sheridan: Questions Remain 
 
 This was the type of Sunday -- the Cavaliers crushed the Celtics 107-76 -- that ended the type of week that had us questioning everything we've assumed in the recent past, writes Chris Sheridan.  Story 
 
 

 "I looked up at the scoreboard one time and they were shooting 15 percent from the floor," James said. "That's unbelievable." A message, LeBron? "Haven't we sent enough messages this year?" he said. "We know we're a good team. It wasn't a message. It was just about getting better." The Cavaliers, now the 14th team in league history to win 65 games, may have never looked this good. They outclassed the Celtics, who were missing  Kevin Garnett  and  Leon Powe  and have nothing to play for but pride after locking up the East's No. 2 seed. With Cleveland leading by 26 after three, James was pulled by coach  Mike Brown  for some of the rest he'll need before making a title run. 
 
 
 
 2009 NBA Playoffs 
 
 
Want an in-depth look at the playoffs? Check out all the matchups, analysis and opinion here: 
 Playoff pages 
 
 
 When the Cavs reserves pushed the lead to 30, James,  Mo Williams  and  Delonte West  boogied together during a timeout as Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up" pumped through the arena. The trio wasn't shy about things as they mugged for TV cameras to the roaring crowd's delight. At the other end of the floor, the Celtics sat stoically while watching the Cavs clown around. "I'm always going to remember that,"  Ray Allen  said. "If I beat a team, as happy as I may be in victory, I'm always going to stay humble and always remember that there's another day. We play each other too much. Those are great motivational thoughts for me." James insisted the Cavs weren't being irreverent toward the league's most storied franchise. "We're not trying to disrespect any team or show up any team," he said. "We're all professionals. If you take it as disrespectful, then you got to do something about it." Daniel Gibson  scored 15 and Williams added 13 for Cleveland, which held the Celtics to a season-low in points on 36 percent shooting. Paul Pierce  scored 14 and  Glen Davis  12 for the Celtics, who never led and weren't thrilled to rehash the game afterward. "Does anybody have a Masters update?" coach  Doc Rivers  quipped. "Let's not talk about basketball." The Cavaliers have already clinched home-court advantage throughout the playoffs, and with a win on Monday in Indianapolis, they can lock up home court in the finals -- if they get that far. They may have to get past the Celtics, who beat them in a seven-game semifinal series last year, and figure to be their stiffest competition again. On this day, though, the Cavs were untouchable. James made three 3-pointers in the third when he and the Cavs put to rest any thoughts of a big comeback. On his last 3, James spun a few feet from Rivers and hit his long fadeaway over Boston's  Tony Allen . Home court has been vital in the budding Celtics-Cavaliers rivalry: The home team has won 15 consecutive games, including all seven in last year's playoffs. Tempers boiled in the third quarter when Cavs forward  Anderson Varejao  and Allen got tangled under the basket after a free throw. Varejao flung Boston's guard to the floor, and Allen responded with a well placed elbow into the forward's groin area. Both players jawed at each other before getting technical fouls. "It was a dirty play," Allen said. "He locked my arm and threw me to the ground. I wasn't going to allow him to think he could do whatever he wanted. I'm always going to stand up for myself. It's one thing for a team to be beating us, but they're not going to walk all over us." The frizzy-haired Varejao had his own take. "You don't hit a man in his [groin]," he said. "He doesn't like Brazilians or he doesn't like my hair." With its defense in full lock-you-down mode, Cleveland held the Celtics to 3-of-20 (15 percent) shooting in the first. Allen missed all six of his shots and Pierce was just 2-for-7, and the two buckets he made were with hands waving in his face. James helped set the defensive tone by racing back to reject a layup by Allen, who never could have expected Cleveland's star to close on him so quickly. Although his club was down by 22 early in the second, Rivers was convinced the Celtics could come back. "You play together, we'll score," he shouted. "Keep playing." Trouble was, the Cavs never stopped. They built their lead to 49-19 with 4:23 left before halftime, before the defending champs used a 14-0 run to get within 16. James closed the half with a three-point play to make it 52-33 at the break. Game notes  Cavs C/F  Ben Wallace  bruised his left knee in the second quarter and did not return. Wallace, who recently returned from a broken right leg, will undergo an MRI on Monday. ... Garnett, who has missed 20 of the last 24 games with a strained right knee, is scheduled to practice Monday in Philadelphia. Boston plays the 76ers on Tuesday and Rivers wants Garnett to play in a game before the playoffs. ... The last time the Cavs held a team to 9 points or fewer in a quarter was in 1999. 