PORTLAND, Ore. -- The  Portland Trail Blazers  were looking ahead on the schedule, and Minnesota almost made them pay. Brandon Roy  scored 31 points and the Blazers had to scramble for a 95-93 victory over the Timberwolves on Saturday night. "I think we kind of overlooked them a little bit, and guys were getting ready for the Lakers," said Roy, whose team hosts Los Angeles on Monday. Ryan Gomes , who had a season-high 28 points for the Timberwolves, did his best to earn Minnesota its first win since Feb. 18 as his long 3-pointer with 10.6 seconds left got the Wolves within 94-93. Roy made one of two free throws, leaving Minnesota with a final chance, but  Randy Foye 's open 3-point try missed and the Blazers beat Minnesota for the eighth straight time. The Timberwolves, with the fifth-worst record in the NBA, have lost nine in a row and 17 of their last 19. "We have some stuff to keep working on, but I thought the guys worked hard," Minnesota coach Kevin McHale said. "That's all we keep asking: to work hard every night." LaMarcus Aldridge  had 15 points and 11 rebounds,  Travis Outlaw  had 14 points and nine rebounds and  Nicolas Batum  added 12 points and six rebounds for the Blazers, winners of 11 straight at home and eight in a row over Minnesota. The Blazers' winning streak over Minnesota is the longest active run in the NBA. Portland bounced back from a lackluster 106-90 loss to Denver on Thursday and moved into a tie for second place in the Northwest Division with Utah, a half-game behind the Nuggets. But Portland played poorly in the first three quarters, never leading by more than six points. With the Western Conference-leading Lakers next up on Portland's four-game homestand, the Timberwolves didn't seem to garner their attention. A fan holding up a "Beat L.A." sign on the big screen during a third quarter timeout received an enthusiastic cheer. "The message [to the Blazers] is that when you are playing teams below .500, they're not the top teams, but you've got to come with focus and a sense of urgency," Blazers coach  Nate McMillan  said. Foye scored 23 points, including 10-of-10 on free throws after sitting out Friday's 110-90 loss to the Lakers with a bruised hip. Playing with a sore groin,  Sebastian Telfair  had 18 points and seven rebounds against his former team. There were 25 lead changes in the game. Minnesota's  Craig Smith  tied it at 77 with a three-point play in the fourth, but the Blazers took an 88-79 lead on a turnaround fadeaway jumper from Roy. Gomes got the Wolves within one at 90-88 with a bank shot from the side, but Outlaw slammed home a rebound put-back for the Blazers with 1:23 left. Game notes  Aldridge was 2-of-14 from the field, but made 11 of 12 free throws. ... The Blazers are 26-5 in the Rose Garden this season. ... Portland's  Rudy Fernandez  has made 3-pointers in 59 of 60 games he has played in this season. 