DALLAS -- Facing triple-double master  Jason Kidd ,  Chris Paul  nearly did him one better. 
 
 
 
 What A Steal 
 
 Chris Paul had 33 points, 10 rebounds, 11 assists and seven steals. He became the first player to have at least 30 points, 10 rebounds, 10 assists and seven steals since Alvin Robertson on Nov. 19, 1986, and the fifth player since steals became an official stat in the 1973-74 season. Robertson had 34 points, 10 rebounds, 10 assists and seven steals against the Lakers. 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 Team 
 Date 
 
 
 Chris Paul 
 Hornets 
 Jan. 14, 2009* 
 
 
 Alvin Robertson 
 Spurs 
 Nov. 19, 1986 
 
 
 Micheal Ray Richardson 
 Nets 
 Oct. 30, 1985* 
 
 
 Larry Bird 
 Celtics 
 Feb. 18, 1985* 
 
 
 Rick Barry 
 Warriors 
 Oct. 29, 1974* 
 
 
 * -- Won game 
 
 
 
 
 With 33 points, 11 assists, 10 rebounds and seven steals, Paul narrowly missed a rare quadruple double, but it was still enough to pull the  New Orleans Hornets  to a 104-97 victory over the slumping  Dallas Mavericks  on Wednesday night. "It seemed like he was everywhere," said Dallas'  Antoine Wright , Paul's primary defender much of the night instead of Kidd. "He made all the right plays, all the big shots." The Mavericks dared Paul to beat them, and he did, taking advantage of single coverage by hitting open jumper after open jumper -- when he wasn't turning steals into layups, or dishing to open teammates. For instance, he set up  James Posey  for a 3-pointer early in the fourth quarter that put New Orleans ahead for good. A rebound the last half-minute clinched his fourth triple-double of the season. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Hornets did something they haven't done in nearly 11 years -- win a game in Dallas. The Hornets snapped a 13-game losing streak at Dallas and won for the first time there since Jan. 24, 1998. 
 
 Chris Andersen had 15 points and 10 rebounds for his second double-double this season. He was two points shy of tying his career high.
 
 The Mavericks have lost four straight games, their longest since a five-game losing streak in early November.
 
 Dirk Nowitzki had 20 points and 13 rebounds for his 15th double-double this season.
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 "Every night I just try to take what the defense gives me and tonight, they were going under ball screens and forcing me to shoot, so that's what I had to do," Paul said. Hornets coach  Byron Scott  was surprised the Mavericks relied on a bigger guy like Wright to try staying with Paul. He wasn't surprised that Paul exploited it, especially with New Orleans coming off an ugly home loss and a 2-3 rut that cost it first place in the strong Southwest Division. "You don't expect a triple-double every night and you don't expect him to have seven steals, either, but it was one of those games where he was all over the place," Scott said. "He's a very special player." But, wait -- there's more. Paul also guarded  Jason Terry  in the second half. Terry had 18 points before Paul took over, 10 after. "I wanted to defend Jason Terry to slow him down a little bit," Paul said. "Because he's so quick, it has to be another quick guy to defend him, so we did a great job playing team defense and we slowed the team down." Peja Stojakovic  and  David West  each scored 16 points for New Orleans, and  Devin Brown  had 12. It was the Hornets' first regular-season victory in Dallas since Jan. 24, 1998. The skid was 13 straight, although they won a playoff game here last spring. "We really didn't want to double-team [Paul] that much and leave all the shooters open and he used that freedom and killed us," said Mavs star  Dirk Nowitzki , who had 20 points and 13 rebounds. "Either you get the ball out of his hands and leave the shooters around him open or you let him beat you and that's what he did." Wright was the only other Dallas player in double figures, scoring 15. Kidd had a triple-seven, hitting that figure in points, rebounds and assists. He was 2-of-9 shooting, a slight improvement over the 1-for-9 he shot the previous two games. Dallas was coming off a hard-fought, last-second loss in Denver the night before, and it showed. After controlling the game for most of the first half, the Mavs came out of a back-and-forth third quarter tied at 79. They were only 3-of-12 with five turnovers in the final period when fans started heading for the exits. "I won't fault our effort," Dallas coach Rick Carlisle said. "We just didn't play as good as a game that we needed to play." Because the star point guards rarely went head-to-head, there weren't many eye-popping battles between them. But there was still one real good one in the opening minutes of the second half, when Paul stole the ball from Nowitzki, then used a behind-the-back dribble to get free from Kidd on his way to scooping in a layup. Perhaps the Mavericks should've been more aware of Paul's quick hands. His career high of nine steals came against them. "We were careless with the ball," Terry said. "He leads the league in steals for a reason. You've got to be careful. Give him credit, they got steals and turned the game in their favor." Game notes  Paul came in hitting 87 percent of his free throws, but missed 3 of 6 in the first half. ... Dallas'  Josh Howard  missed his third straight game with a shoulder injury. Coach Rick Carlisle said there's no update on his status. ... During the second quarter, Dallas led 16-4 in points in the paint. New Orleans won that category 38-28. 