PORTLAND, Ore. --  Kobe Bryant  sat, his knees wrapped in ice, with his chin in his hand. He was pondering the Lakers' latest loss to the Trail Blazers at the Rose Garden. He came up with a myriad of possibilities, but in the end he shook his head. 
 
 
 
 2009 NBA Playoffs 
 
 
Want an in-depth look at the playoffs? Check out all the matchups, analysis and opinion here: 
 Playoff pages 
 
 
 "Even when we're having championship runs, we usually come up here and get our butts kicked," Bryant said. "They play us tough here." Brandon Roy  had 24 points and eight assists, and the Blazers beat the Lakers 106-98 on Friday night. It was Portland's eighth straight victory over Los Angeles at the Rose Garden. Bryant scored 32 points for the Lakers, but in the final minute alone he missed a key 3-pointer, had a crucial turnover and was off on another 3. The sellout crowd collectively held its breath as each shot was launched. "We had to fight it out," Roy said. The Lakers played without coach Phil Jackson, who didn't travel with the team because of pain in his lower right leg, and fell 1 1/2 games behind Cleveland for the best record in the NBA and home-court advantage throughout the postseason. Assistant  Kurt Rambis  replaced the 63-year-old Jackson. The Hall of Famer will rejoin the team for practice on Saturday and isn't expected to miss any more games. The pain and swelling in his leg is caused by plantar fasciitis. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Lakers lost their eighth straight game at Portland, extending their longest active road losing streak against a single opponent. 
 
 The Trail Blazers won their fourth straight home game and are now 17-2 in their last 19 games at home.
 
 Brandon Roy led Portland with 24 points, his third straight 20-point game. 
 
 The Lakers loss snapped a five-game win streak.
 
 -- ESPN Stats  &  Information 
 
 
 Portland remained tied with San Antonio for fourth place as it tries for home court in the first round of the Western Conference playoffs. "To us, they look like a playoff team every time we come up here," Bryant said. "They're extremely well coached, Brandon Roy is a fantastic player and they have great complementary players around him. They're very good." The Blazers held a narrow lead throughout most of the fourth quarter. Bryant pulled the Lakers into a 91-all tie with 5:15 to go, but  Steve Blake  answered with his own jumper for the Blazers. Roy's pull-up jumper with 3:18 left put Portland ahead 99-96. After Bryant made a pair of free throws to narrow it again, Blake hit another long jumper to give the Blazers a 101-98 lead with 1:57 left. Blake made one of two free throw attempts with 42 seconds left to make it 102-98 before Bryant made a bad pass on the other end. Rudy Fernandez  also managed just one of two free throws but  Travis Outlaw  pulled down a key rebound when  Lamar Odom  missed a jumper and made a pair of foul shots to make it 105-98. After Bryant missed a 3-pointer with 11.9 seconds to go, Outlaw made one more in the final seconds for the final margin. Portland was coming off a 95-83 victory over the Spurs on Wednesday during which the Blazers erased a 19-point deficit. Because the Blazers won the series with San Antonio, they'll hold the tiebreaker should both finish with identical records. "These last two wins were huge for us and for our confidence. We beat the Spurs, and we feel good about how we match up with the Lakers," Roy said. "This says a lot about our team. If we play in the playoffs like we played tonight, I like our chances against anybody." The Lakers beat the Blazers twice this season at Staples Center, but Portland took the first game at the Rose Garden, 111-94. The victory was memorable because of a scary injury to Fernandez. Fernandez was fouled hard by  Trevor Ariza  on a fast break and was carried from the arena on a stretcher, his neck in a brace. He was hospitalized overnight. Ariza was booed by the sellout crowd at the Rose Garden, but he still didn't have quite the negative reaction reserved for Bryant. Fernandez and Roy hit consecutive 3-pointers, and Outlaw added a reverse layup to give the Blazers a 32-25 lead early in the second quarter. Bryant sparked a turnaround with a 3-pointer that gave the Lakers a 42-38 lead. His two free throws extended the lead to 50-40 late in the half. But Portland went on a 9-0 run late that closed the Blazers to 50-49.  Sasha Vujacic  hit a 3-pointer to make it 53-49 for the Lakers at the half. The Blazers reclaimed the lead and stretched it to 83-77 on  Greg Oden 's dunk. "We are still trying to establish ourselves," Portland coach  Nate McMillan  said. "The game against San Antonio, and the game like tonight, it's about sending a message not only to ourselves but to the league, and to everybody else, that we are an up-and-coming team." Game notes  Trail Blazers forward  Martell Webster  will miss the playoffs because of a lingering foot fracture that has kept him out for most of this season. Webster had surgery to repair the stress fracture in his left foot in the preseason. He appeared briefly in one game in December but aggravated the injury. 