INDIANAPOLIS --  Danny Granger  has no problem sharing the scoring load with his teammates. Granger had 20 points -- five under his season average -- but five other Pacers finished in double figures to pick up the slack in Indiana's 100-91 victory over the  Philadelphia 76ers  on Tuesday night. "That's very important," said Granger, who grabbed 10 rebounds. "When we can score level across the board and I don't have to score 30 points, that's the characteristic of a good team." Troy Murphy  scored 17 points, eight in the fourth quarter,  Roy Hibbert  and  T.J. Ford  each had 14,  Jarrett Jack  chipped in with 12 and  Marquis Daniels  had 11 for the Pacers, who led by as many as 20 points in the first half. "They have a quick moving offense and everyone gets good opportunities," 76ers coach Tony DiLeo said. "That doesn't surprise me they had so many in double figures." Andre Iguodala  had 20 points and nine assists, Louis Williams scored 17 and  Thaddeus Young  added 16 points and nine rebounds for Philadelphia, which had its four-game winning streak snapped. The 76ers fell behind 17-4 early in the first quarter and trailed 28-18 heading into the second. The Pacers shot 57 percent in the first quarter, compared to Philadelphia's 35 percent. "We really lost it in the first quarter," DiLeo said. "I didn't think we came out with the defensive energy we needed." With the Pacers holding a 17-point lead early in the fourth quarter, Philadelphia got within 89-83 on Iguodala's three-point play with 4 minutes left. Indiana answered with baskets by Murphy and Granger to push the lead back to 10. Young converted a three-point play on Philadelphia's next possession, but Ford made a layup and Murphy drained a 3-pointer to seal the victory. "This would have been a devastating loss for us with the large lead we had," Murphy said. "It would have been very tough for us to come back." After trailing by 11 at halftime, Philadelphia closed the gap to 66-60 on Young's layup midway through the third quarter. Indiana responded by outscoring the 76ers 14-3 the rest of the period for an 80-63 lead. "We didn't have our intensity early, we didn't have our offensive rhythm early," DiLeo said. "We got back into the game, but we just didn't have enough." Game notes  Granger and 76ers G  Andre Miller  had some heated words in the third quarter and had to be separated by teammates after Miller committed a hard foul on Granger as he tried to get to the basket. Granger was given a technical foul for charging at Miller after the play. "I just lost it for a second," Granger said. "I don't think he meant to do it, I just thought it was a dirty play. It's cool, we're friends." ... Iguodala got a technical later in the third quarter for arguing the lack of a call. ... Pacers G  Mike Dunleavy  (sore right knee) missed his third straight game. It's the same injury that sidelined him for the first 34 games of the season. ... The 76ers were playing their first road game since Jan. 28. They had seven straight home games and went 5-2 during that stretch, including a 99-94 win over the Pacers on Feb. 5. 