NEW YORK --  Nate Robinson 's high-energy, high-flying style is the kind of play that pumps up a crowd. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Knicks snapped a five-game losing streak against the Hawks.
 
 New York has scored 100-plus points in 30 of its first 45 games this season.
 
 Atlanta fell to 9-14 on the road this season but is 17-5 at home.
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 
 It's probably not a coincidence that as the backup guard has broken out of a slump, the Knicks are rolling at home. Robinson had another big fourth quarter, scoring 20 of his 24 points in the final 10 minutes, to lead New York past the  Atlanta Hawks  112-104 on Wednesday night. His personal 7-0 run put New York up 96-85 with just over six minutes left in the game. "He has an energy that not many people have," coach Mike D'Antoni said. "An athleticism that is unbelievable. When it is channeled in the right direction, he is one of the better players. Then he has these other moments where he goes with a different plan. When he was in a mini-slump, that is why we struggled." The same fiery personality that draws fans into the game can also draw technical fouls. But Wednesday he stuck to emphatic dunks and timely jumpers. Robinson's spurt started with an alley-oop slam from  Chris Duhon . He then added a drive and a 3-pointer. Robinson made six of his eight shots in the final quarter. "I just always try to bring energy," the 5-foot-9 point Robinson said. "It's all confidence and the team. Even when I was missing, they kept telling me, just shoot it." The Knicks have won five straight at home, their longest streak since the 2006-07 season. And with the All-Star break approaching, they're in the thick of the playoff hunt. "Fans just want ... people to care, and these players, they care and they are trying," D'Antoni said. "If we fall short, it won't be for lack of effort." Marvin Williams  had 28 points and  Josh Smith  added 26 for Atlanta. Point guard  Mike Bibby  scored just five points on 2-of-13 shooting. The Hawks, who came in 26th in the league in foul shooting at 74.3 percent, made just 17-of-32 attempts from the line. They had a chance to pull within two early in the fourth quarter when Smith stole the ball and took off in transition. But he was fouled and missed both shots. Smith, a 63.3 percent free-throw shooter, was 2-of-10 from the line. Wilson Chandler  quickly hit a jumper to put the Knicks back up 84-78. "You got to step up and make free throws," coach Mike Woodson said. "You can't play a close game like this and miss 15 free throws. I mean, that puts you behind the eight ball." New York's  David Lee  had his ninth straight double-double with 17 points and 16 rebounds. Duhon had 16 points and 11 assists. The Knicks led 34-28 early in the second quarter and had committed just three turnovers. Then they turned it over six times in the last seven minutes of the half as the Hawks took a 55-47 lead into the break. Flip Murray sparked an 18-4 run with nine quick points off the bench. New York took the lead for good in the third quarter, holding Atlanta to 35 percent shooting. Duhon hit four of his five shots for 11 points in the period. He fed Chandler for a layup with half a second left in the quarter to put the Knicks up 82-74, matching their biggest lead to that point of the game. "Offensively, we had no movement, no chemistry," said Hawks leading scorer  Joe Johnson , who shot 5-of-15 from the floor and scored 15 points. "It looked like we never played with each other." Game notes  The Knicks snapped a five-game losing streak to the Hawks. ... Robinson led the Knicks in scoring for the third straight game. 