WASHINGTON -- The  Charlotte Bobcats  have never made the playoffs. They've never had a .500 record. But after their easy 92-76 win over the  Washington Wizards  on Saturday night, the Bobcats were feeling especially confident. Their first road win this season was their fourth straight overall -- the team's longest streak since a five-game run from Feb. 25-March 7, 2009 -- and improved them to 7-9. The Bobcats had six players in double figures, led by  Gerald Wallace , who had 14 points and 14 rebounds.  Tyson Chandler ,  Raymond Felton  and  Nazr Mohammed  each had 12 points. "Our offense was kind of spread around tonight," Wallace said. "Defense has basically been the key throughout our whole season." The Wizards failed in their attempt to win three in a row for the first time since April 2008. Charlotte never trailed and held Washington to 13 points in the second quarter to take a 42-32 halftime lead. The Wizards missed 14 of their 18 field goal attempts in the quarter. The Bobcats scored seven of the first nine points in the third to take a 49-34 lead with 8:19 to play. They led by as many as 22 late in the third quarter. Charlotte continued its run of outstanding defense. The Bobcats have allowed 100 points just once this season, and the 76 points scored by the Wizards equaled their lowest output of the season. "We defended against a team that can score about as well as we can," Charlotte coach Larry Brown said. Wallace, who had 31 points in the Bobcats' two previous wins, has bought into Brown's defensive mantra. "Man, defense kept us in some games and gave us an opportunity to win some games when we were making shots. And when we wasn't making shots, it kept us from getting totally blown out," Wallace said. Both teams played on Friday night and the Wizards appeared especially drained. "Disappointed, embarrassed, mad. I guess all of them could be adjectives to describe how we played tonight," Washington coach Flip Saunders said. Gilbert Arenas , who had just nine points in Friday's win over Miami and was replaced in the fourth quarter by 5-foot-5  Earl Boykins , missed eight of his 11 shots and finished with six points. "What do you expect me to do? Go out there and score 30?" Arenas said. "I take the shots when I think they're suitable for me ... I still have my explosiveness. I'm just trying to figure out when to use it." Antawn Jamison  was held without a rebound, and Boykins wasn't effective either, despite Saunders' pre-game praise of Boykins as a fourth-quarter standout. Boykins missed seven of his 10 shots and finished with six points. Caron Butler  led Washington with 19 points. Game notes  Brown said he was excited about the prospect of  Allen Iverson  returning to Philadelphia, where Brown coached him. "I don't think deep down he ever wanted to leave Philly," Brown said. "He's said, deep down, numerous times that's where he wanted to finish his career. Let's hope he has an opportunity to come back. If it's not Philly, somebody will pick him up. I'm confident of that." ... Jamison thanked the crowd before the game for their sympathies on behalf of the late Wizards owner Abe Pollin, who died Tuesday. A message from NBA commissioner David Stern was played on the scoreboard during the first quarter. ... Bobcats G  Acie Law , who was acquired along with  Stephen Jackson  from Golden State on Nov. 16, was inactive. He's played in only one game since the trade. 