MIAMI --  Dwyane Wade  reached a scoring milestone in the third quarter. In the fourth, he turned to his teammates for points. They delivered, and the  Miami Heat  remained unbeaten. Wade scored 25 points to push his career total to 10,005, reserve  Udonis Haslem  had 19 points and 11 rebounds, and the Heat pulled away in the final minutes to down the  Chicago Bulls  95-87 on Sunday night. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Dwyane Wade became the 43rd active player to surpass 10,000 points in his career.
 
 Luol Deng had 26 to lead the Bulls after notching 21 combined in his first two games.
 
 The Heat are 3-0 to start a season for the first time since 2004-05.
 
 -- ESPN Stats  &  Information 
 
 
 "It's just about trust," Wade said. Wade found  Quentin Richardson  for a 3-pointer with 1:41 left for an 89-83 lead -- then the largest by any team all night -- and set up Haslem for the clincher, a jumper with 47.4 seconds remaining. Haslem isn't starting, but remains vital to the Heat rotation: He's averaging 12.3 points and 10 rebounds in 31 minutes. "He's a real good pro," Bulls guard  Derrick Rose  said. "He knows he's there to make shots and help the young players. He's a good veteran." Carlos Arroyo  scored 12 points,  Mario Chalmers  added 11 and  Michael Beasley  overcame a 3-of-12 shooting night to finish with 10 points and 11 rebounds for Miami (3-0). Luol Deng  scored 26 points for Chicago (1-2), which got 17 points from  John Salmons , 11 from  Brad Miller  and 10 from  Joakim Noah . Rose shot 4 of 15 and finished with eight points for the Bulls. "We didn't get stops when we needed and we didn't make shots when we had to," Chicago coach  Vinny Del Negro  said. "We had good looks, we had open shots, we just didn't knock them down." Miami survived a wild fourth quarter. The teams alternated the lead seven times in the final 12 minutes, before Chicago missed its final six shots over the last 3:53. Wade made a free throw with 1:32 left in the third quarter for the 10,000th career point, the first player to score that many in a Heat uniform According to STATS LLC, among the other 42 active players on the list, only  LeBron James  and  Allen Iverson  have a higher scoring average than Wade, who reached the plateau in his 397th regular-season game. Miami didn't escape unscathed:  Jermaine O'Neal  broke his nose late in the fourth quarter, jostling for a rebound. He does not expect to miss any playing time, and said he won't wear a protective mask. "I've had my nose broken before," O'Neal said. "I played with [a mask] for probably half a quarter and ditched it." The Heat-Bulls series had some drama a year ago, including a 130-127 Miami win on March 9. Wade scored 48 points and finished with a flourish, stripping the ball from Salmons with 3 seconds left and making a running 3-pointer as time expired. This one had some heroics, too. Chalmers -- who hit the overtime-forcing jumper for Kansas in its win over Memphis at the 2008 NCAA title game -- got past Rose for a layup, giving Miami its first lead at 40-38. Rose's drive on the next possession was swatted away by Beasley, who went No. 2 and one spot behind the Bulls' point guard in the 2008 draft. It was that kind of game the whole way, back and forth until the end. "Down the stretch, close game, they made plays, we didn't make plays," Salmons said. "You've got to make plays down the stretch. That was the difference in the game." A spectacular individual play by Wade ensured Miami took the lead into halftime. He beat all five Bulls on one play -- splitting two with a behind-the-back dribble around the top of the key, then thwarting the other three with a changing-hands layup with 14.9 seconds left, and Miami led 49-48 at intermission. The defenses took over in the third: Neither team shot better than 36 percent, and the Bulls led 70-69 entering the fourth. "Those are two very evenly matched teams," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. "Well played game. At the end, it was like a gang fight." Game notes  It took 13:39 for the first two-shot foul of the game to be called. The next one was called 9 seconds later. ... The Heat played without G  Daequan Cook  (strained right shoulder). Cook tried to play through it Friday, shooting 1 of 9 against Indiana and saying Sunday he "somewhat" regretted that decision. ... The Bulls skipped a pregame shootaround, choosing to rest instead. 