OKLAHOMA CITY -- The  Oklahoma City Thunder  got caught up in Sacramento's fast-paced style of play and just barely escaped with a victory. Kevin Durant  scored 39 points -- his fourth-straight game with 30 or more -- as the Thunder held off the  Sacramento Kings  for a 116-113 victory Sunday night after blowing a 19-point second-quarter lead. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Thunder are 10-9 in their last 19 games after starting the season 3-29.
 
 Oklahoma City's Kevin Durant has scored more than 30 points in his last four games.
 
 The Kings have lost 19 of their last 20 games on the road and 33 of their last 39 games overall.
 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 

 "They do a great job of really attacking the basket," Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  said. "We didn't do a good job in the second half of containing the ball, containing the dribble. They took advantage of our defense in the second half." Beno Udrih  finished with 29 points, and  John Salmons  and  Kevin Martin  had 23 each for the Kings, who finished the night shooting 55 percent from the field and 67 percent (12-of-18) from 3-point range. The second of two straight 3-pointers by Salmons got the Kings, who beat the Thunder in overtime last week, within two at 115-113 with 36.9 seconds left.  Nick Collison  was fouled after chasing down a missed shot by Durant, but he missed both free throws with 12.9 seconds to play. Francisco Garcia  got an open look at a 3-pointer from the top of the key, but missed badly and  Jeff Green  rebounded and was fouled with 3.3 seconds left. He made the first free throw and missed the second, but by the time Sacramento corralled the loose ball, only 0.3 seconds remained. While trying to inbound, Martin called a timeout the Kings didn't have -- a technical foul and loss of possession. Durant missed a free throw, but then the Thunder inbounded to end the game. "I told Garcia he's the best shooter on our team, especially from the 3-point line," Udrih said. "You know, missing that shot just happens. He might miss or make it this game or next game, but that's just how it goes." The Kings made 15 of their 21 field-goal tries during the third quarter to get back into it, then scored the first five points of the fourth to take their first lead since an 11-10 advantage early in the first half. It was back and forth the rest of the way. Udrih brought the Kings back in the third quarter, making all six of his field goals and scoring 15 points as Sacramento cut a 13-point halftime deficit to two. Durant almost single-handedly kept the Kings at bay, scoring 14 of Oklahoma City's final 16 points in the period. "They made a big run in the third quarter to get back in it," Durant said. "I thought we got too relaxed at times. They made some tough, contested shots, but we came back with some key baskets ourselves." Durant had scored 10 in the first quarter on 5-of-5 shooting. The Thunder shot 62.5 percent and, whether on fast breaks or in the halfcourt, consistently got the ball to the basket and outscored the Kings 26-10 in the paint. Garcia came off the bench for Sacramento and scored eight straight points in the second quarter to keep Oklahoma City from breaking away. The Thunder led by as many as 19 twice, but Garcia's fadeaway from the right base line at the halftime buzzer capped an 8-2 run that made it a 13-point spread. Sacramento scored on its first two possessions of the second half to quickly cut the deficit to 59-50, prompting Thunder coach Scott Brooks to call a timeout, but it did little to slow the Kings' pace. Game notes  Durant has scored 30 or more in five of the past six games. ... Kings G  Bobby Jackson  missed the game due to the birth of his daughter Saturday. 