PHILADELPHIA -- Division title: Check. No. 1 playoff seed: Check. Next goal for  LeBron James  and the  Cleveland Cavaliers  is securing the NBA's best record. James had 27 points and 10 assists,  Wally Szczerbiak  scored a season-high 18 and the Cavaliers beat the struggling  Philadelphia 76ers  102-92 Friday night to clinch home-court advantage in the Eastern conference playoffs. 
 
 
 
 2009 NBA Playoffs 
 
 
Want an in-depth look at the playoffs? Check out all the matchups, analysis and opinion here: 
 Playoff pages 
 
 
 "It means a lot," James said. "To set a goal and accomplish it, we should be proud." No team has played better at home this season than the Cavs. They're 38-1 at Quicken Loans Arena, with the only loss coming against the  Los Angeles Lakers  on Feb. 8. Cleveland (64-15) is 1   games ahead of the Lakers for the best record in the league. Andre Iguodala  led Philadelphia with 26. The Sixers (40-39) have lost four straight since clinching a playoff berth. They remained one game behind Miami for fifth place in the East. "We're disappointed because we thought we had a chance to win this game," Sixers coach Tony DiLeo said. Andre Miller  and  Lou Williams  each scored 17 for Philadelphia, and  Mo Williams  had 18 for the Cavs. Playing before the first sellout at the Wachovia Center this season, the Sixers kept it close, but never led after the opening quarter. 
 
 
 
 The Bad Seed 
 
 By clinching the East's top overall seed in the playoffs, Cleveland placed itself in some dubious company. Five of the last six No. 1 seeds have gone down in the conference finals. 
 
 
 
 
 Top Seed in Eastern Conference, Since 2003 
 
 Year 
 Team 
 Result 
 
 
 2009 
 Cavaliers 
 ? 
 
 
 2008 
 Celtics 
 Won title 
 
 
 2007 
 Pistons 
 L, Conf Finals 
 
 
 2006 
 Pistons 
 L, Conf Finals 
 
 
 2005 
 Heat 
 L, Conf Finals 
 
 
 2004 
 Pacers 
 L, Conf Finals 
 
 
 2003 
 Pistons 
 L, Conf Finals 
 
 
 
 
 James tumbled awkwardly to the floor when  Samuel Dalembert  fouled him while he was driving to the basket in the third. James went to the bench and got his left leg taped just under his knee before going to the foul line. Perhaps the fall motivated James. He scored the Cavs' next eight points on a free throw, two jumpers and a 3-pointer. Cleveland led 72-64 at that point. The Sixers cut it to 76-74 on a jumper by Williams early in the fourth, but Szczerbiak answered with a 3-pointer.  Joe Smith  followed with a basket to extend the lead to 81-74. Smith then dunked off an outstanding pass from  Ben Wallace  to make it 85-76. That play brought the Cavs' bench, including cheerleader James, to their feet. After the Sixers got within 85-80, Szczerbiak hit his fourth 3. Szczerbiak sank a pair of three throws to put the Cavs up 90-80 with 4:43 left. Philadelphia didn't get closer than 90-83 the rest of the way. "Wally was terrific off the bench on both ends of the floor," Cavs coach  Mike Brown  said. "He really impacted the game." James thrilled fans with a fast-break dunk midway through the first. He passed up another jam, choosing to go with a left-handed layup to give the Cavs a 21-19 lead they never relinquished. Iguodala provided the biggest highlight of the game, breaking down James and finishing off the drive with an emphatic dunk in the closing seconds of the first half to get the Sixers to 52-46. "It was nice. It happens. He's a great player," James said. "Wins overtake highlights. I'm about winning games, not making highlights." The Cavaliers return home to host the defending champion  Boston Celtics  on Sunday. They'll play at Indiana on Monday and finish the regular season at home against the Sixers on Wednesday. If the Cavs win their final two games in Cleveland, they will match the NBA's best all-time home record set by the 1985-86 Celtics. "It's a big deal," Szczerbiak said. "You want to go into the playoffs playing on a high note." The Sixers hope to end their skid when they visit Toronto on Sunday. They'll host Boston on Tuesday and finish off at Cleveland. Game notes  Wallace played his second game since breaking his right leg on Feb. 26 against Houston. He had one point and five rebounds in 17 minutes off the bench. ... The Sixers fell to 2-4 since F  Thaddeus Young  went down with an ankle injury. ... James didn't get his first rebound until 3:30 remained in the third quarter, and finished with two. ... Szczerbiak's previous best this season was 16 points. He was 4-for-4 from 3-point range. 