AUBURN HILLS, Mich. -- Pistons coach John Kuester was hoping his team could get untracked offensively against one of the NBA's worst defenses Wednesday night. Instead, things got even worse. Detroit shot 28 percent from the floor in a 94-64 loss to Toronto, matching its lowest point total since the shot clock was implemented for the 1954-55 season. The Raptors entered ranked 29th out of 30 NBA teams in points allowed. "That was a terrible, embarrassing loss," Kuester said. "I'm taking the blame on myself, because we didn't look prepared, and that's my job." Toronto also snapped an 11-game losing streak in Detroit. "We really needed this win, because we've struggled here and we didn't want to give them a window of opportunity,"  Chris Bosh  said. "I didn't know the streak was that high, but I knew I had never won here." Detroit, which has lost six straight, played without  Ben Gordon  (ankle),  Richard Hamilton  (hamstring) and  Tayshaun Prince  (back).  Charlie Villanueva  went 0 of 7 from the field while being limited to 12 minutes by a foot injury. "That's not a reason for us to play like this,"  Chucky Atkins  said. "We won five straight games with those guys out, but we aren't playing as a team right now. We aren't moving the ball at all." Andrea Bargnani  led Toronto with 21 points.  Hedo Turkoglu  had 11 points and a season-best 11 assists -- one more than the entire Pistons team. "I knew I had a lot of assists, and if I've got the ball in my hands, I'll make sure the guys get the best shots," Turkoglu said. "That's teamwork. We had great teamwork tonight." Reserve  Will Bynum  had 12 points for Detroit, but the starters were a combined 11 of 42 as the Pistons finished 12 points below its previous season low. "When we are missing that many guys, doing the small things becomes paramount," Kuester said. "We're trying to keep things as simple as possible, but it isn't working." Detroit scored 64 points in a loss to San Antonio on Feb. 21, 1999, and in a two-point victory over Utah on March 13, 2005. Toronto led 54-37 at halftime, holding the Pistons to 31 percent shooting.  Rodney Stuckey  went 1 of 11 for Detroit, which would have been down by a bigger margin if not for 14 offensive rebounds in the first two quarters. The Raptors went ahead by 23 midway through the third, as Detroit continued to struggle from the field, and eventually led by as many as 31. "This was good -- I still think we could have rebounded better, but we had very active hands," Toronto coach Jay Triano said. "I think we counted 27 deflections and we had energy. We defended and we shared the basketball. We're a pretty tough team when we share the ball." Game notes  Detroit missed its first seven 3-point attempts before  Jonas Jerebko  hit one with 3:21 left in the third. ... Bynum appeared to hit a long 3-pointer at the third-quarter buzzer, but a replay review ruled that the shot clock had expired with 0.5 seconds left in the period. After the review,  Marco Belinelli  hit a 55-foot jumper, but it also was waved off by a replay review. ... The last time the franchise had fewer than 64 points was Fort Wayne's 86-63 loss to the Syracuse Nationals on March 4, 1954. Fort Wayne beat the Minneapolis Lakers 19-18 in the NBA's lowest-scoring game on Nov. 22, 1950. 