MILWAUKEE --  Luke Ridnour  kept the injury-riddled Trail Blazers from swiping a win. He scored six of his 20 points in the second overtime and the  Milwaukee Bucks  won their second straight game with a 108-101 victory over the injury-riddled  Portland Trail Blazers  on Saturday night. "He gave us a good life in the first overtime so we could get to a second overtime," Skiles said of Ridnour. "He came in the game and got a basket right away that settled us down." LaMarcus Aldridge  put the Trail Blazers up by six in the first overtime when he scored six points on three consecutive fast-break dunks while the Bucks looked lost. Coach  Scott Skiles  pulled  Michael Redd  and inserted Ridnour, who quickly hit a runner in the lane to stop the surge and break a 2 minute, 20 second scoring drought. "I wanted to get Ridnour back in there. They ran right by us three or four times to start the overtime, and we were having trouble scoring. Luke's been knocking down shots, and playing really well for us. In many ways, with Mike out, Luke's been our best two-guard so I wanted to get him back in the game." In the second overtime,  Brandon Roy , who finished with 23 points, traded baskets with Ridnour on back-to-back possessions, and after the teams traded misses, Roy drove the lane and was fouled by Bogut. Roy made both free throws, but  Brandon Jennings  hit a layup with 42.6 seconds left before Ridnour hit two free throws to seal the victory. "We were just trying to hold on to it," Aldridge said. "We knew everybody was getting tired. They just made more plays and that was the game." Martell Webster  added 16 points for the Trail Blazers, who dressed just nine players because of injuries. "I thought we had them at a point there, and they shook it off and hit some great shots," said Blazers assistant coach Dean Demopoulos, filling in for  Nate McMillan  as he recovers from surgery. "It's a shame anybody had to lose that game, really." Bogut scored a season-high 27 points, and Jennings added 18 for the Bucks, who snapped a five-game skid against Portland dating to Dec. 6, 2006. The Bucks built a 13-point lead in the third quarter. Aldridge scored eight straight points to give the Blazers an 83-82 lead with 1:17 to go. Bogut hit a 5-footer to make it 85-82 before Aldridge converted a three-point play with 33.5 seconds left. On the next possession, Jennings hit a jumper to make it 87-85, but Roy followed with a clutch basket to send the game to overtime. Jennings didn't take a shot in the first half, but came out firing to wake up the Bucks. Trailing 44-39, Bogut and  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  each scored before Jennings hit the first of his three 3s during an 28-8 run that Bogut capped when he took a pass from Jennings and dropped in for a 67-54 lead with 3:05 left. Portland went four minutes without a basket during the stretch, being outscored 30-15 in the third and trailing 69-59 heading into the fourth. Jennings wore a brace on his left knee after hyperextending it in the third quarter of Wednesday's victory over Toronto. "I had a new knee brace on so it was a little different for me," he said. "I wasn't really comfortable at first. In the second half, I just said forget it, let's play basketball." The Trail Blazers' injured list grew by three this week. Greg Oden , the top pick in the 2007 draft, had surgery on Dec. 6 to repair a left patella fracture and is out for the season. A day later, head coach Nate McMillan underwent surgery on his ruptured Achilles' tendon, and guard  Rudy Fernandez  had a procedure to alleviate pain in his right leg. Portland forwards  Travis Outlaw  (foot),  Nicolas Batum  (shoulder) and  Jeff Pendergraph  (hip), and guard  Patrick Mills  (foot) were already out after undergoing surgery. Game notes  A moment of silence was observed for Wesley Pavalon, one of the original founders and owner of the Bucks, who died Saturday in West Bend, Wis. after succumbing to an illness. ... Portland assistant Dean Demopoulos, the acting head coach during the trip, said that McMillan will be back for Tuesday's game against Sacramento. ... Portland slipped to 6-7 away from the Rose Garden. 