SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- The best and worst moments of  Dorell Wright 's NBA career have both come in Sacramento. Wright will certainly savor what happened Sunday night against the Kings. While heralded teammate  Dwyane Wade  was his usual self with 34 points and 10 assists, Wright had the breakout game he has been seeking, scoring a season-high 19 points in the Heat's 115-102 victory over the Kings. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Dwyane Wade had his first 30-point, 10-assist game of the season -- only Chris Paul and LeBron James have accomplished the feat this season. 
 
 The Heat won for the second time in six games and finished a four-game West Coast road trip 2-2. 
 
 Miami matched its season high, set in the season opener against the Knicks, by scoring 115 points. 
 
 The Heat have won 11 of their last 12 meetings against the Kings. 
 
 The Kings picked up their third home loss and fell to 8-3 on the season at ARCO Arena.
 
 -- ESPN Stats  &  Information 
 
 





  

 
   On March 2, 2008 at Sacramento, Wright went down with a torn meniscal tear in his left knee. He missed the rest of the season, and the knee injury lingered as he only came back to play in six games a year ago. Playing a season-high 29 minutes against the Kings, Wright took plenty of pressure off his good friend Wade. He not only ran the offense at times, he made 9 of 12 shots and had five assists -- while committing zero turnovers. "This means a lot. It felt good to go out there and just have fun," said Wright, who entered the game averaging 2.4 points in limited playing time. "Even before the game I was thinking about playing here and what had happened two years ago. It's kind of ironic to come back and have a game like this." The Heat used a 29-19 second quarter to take control of the game and led by as many as 19 points in the third quarter. In the fourth, the Kings cut the lead to 97-91 with 5:42 left, but Wade made a pair of jumpers and found  Quentin Richardson  for a 3-pointer, putting Miami ahead 104-91 with 3:56 remaining. Afterward, Wade seemed much more pleased with Wright's play than his seventh game this season of 30 or more points. "He was a starter two years ago and this was the place he got hurt in," Wade said. "It was great that Dorell was finally given an opportunity again and was able to come through." Udonis Haslem  had 15 points and  Michael Beasley  had 20, helping the Heat beat Sacramento for the 11th time in 12 games. Richardson made five 3-pointers and also had 20 points. "I was very impressed with Miami and how together and disciplined they were both offensively and defensively," Kings coach Paul Westphal said. "We couldn't find a way to make them miss and they came in our building and shot 58 percent on us. We tried a little bit of everything on them and they didn't crack at all." Rookie  Tyreke Evans  scored 30 points for the Kings, who had their four-game winning streak snapped Saturday night in Phoenix.  Donte Greene  scored 21 points,  Omri Casspi  had 14 and  Beno Udrih  added 11. "No way were we taking this team lightly," Miami coach Erik Spoelstra said. "We have watched them closely. They are an exciting young team that plays extremely hard. We had to come with our best focus. Our starters set the tone early." The Kings could do little to slow down Miami and played zone defense for large portions of the second half. The Heat had a season-high 30 assists and shot 58 percent from the field. "Wade can score and find guys at the same time," Greene said. "It can be difficult [guarding him]. You don't know if he is going to keep it then get to the rim or if he is going to pass it off. You just have to contain him and we didn't do a good job of that tonight." After a strong start to the season, the Heat entered the game having lost two straight and seven of 10. Miami was coming of a heart-wrenching loss Friday when  Kobe Bryant  banked in a desperation 3-pointer at the buzzer for a one-point Lakers win. When asked if the victory over Sacramento erases the memory of the loss to the Lakers, Wade offered an emphatic no. "Never. That shot will always be in our memory," Wade said. "Hopefully we use it to get mad." Heat starting center  Jermaine O'Neal  was not with the team due to a family issue. Wade scored 16 points and Beasley had 13 in a dominating first half for Miami, which shot 57 percent and led 59-44 at the break. Game notes  Wade's girlfriend, actress Gabriel Union, was sitting courtside. ... The Kings starting frontcourt of  Spencer Hawes ,  Jason Thompson  and  Andres Nocioni  were a combined 1 of 12 shooting in the opening half and had eight points combined. ... Evans has scored 20 or more points in 11 of the last 13 games. 