EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. --  Ray Allen  and the  Boston Celtics  wasted no time turning a rematch with the Nets into another rout. Allen scored 25 points to lead the Celtics to a 105-85 win on Saturday afternoon. The Celtics put the game away in the opening quarter, taking an 18-2 lead behind nine points from Allen. Boston had beaten New Jersey by 32 points at home on Wednesday. "From our vantage point, we didn't look at this as a game that would play out like it did in Boston," Allen said. "They have been playing well together and they've won some big games. We know first hand that if teams get out and get confidence, they can keep it going the whole game. We've lost a couple of games this year that way. It was a group effort, and a four-quarter effort." Devin Harris  and  Vince Carter , the Nets leading scorers, had front row seats for the entire second half to watch the Celtics road show as New Jersey coach Lawrence Frank benched his two stars. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Three days after beating the Nets by 32, Boston won its seventh straight against the Nets by a 20-point margin.
 
 The Celtics started the game on an 18-2 run and led by 29 at halftime.
 
 Vince Carter scored just five points for the Nets; He and Devin Harris were benched in the second half, and Carter now has 22 points in his last three games combined.
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 "I was totally embarrassed by our performance," Frank said. "It starts with me and goes on to our main players. It was an embarrassing start to the game I decided to go in another direction." Paul Pierce  and  Eddie House  both had 13 points for the Celtics, while  Kevin Garnett  and  Leon Powe  each had 12.  Rajon Rondo  came close to a triple double with eight points, nine rebounds and 14 assists. "It was a great start," Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  said. "It's one of the things we talked about. If you get off to a good start, it gives you a chance to play well the whole game. I thought the whole team was running well." The defending champions have won four straight, all at the expense of the Nets and the  Toronto Raptors . The Celtics have won seven straight from the Nets. Brook Lopez  led New Jersey with 28 points and  Jarvis Hayes  added 15 for the Nets, who dropped their third straight game. Harris had seven points and Carter finished with five. Carter understood Frank's decision. "He made the call so I have to live with it," Carter said. "It's not easy to do but he felt like we weren't giving much to the team and he made a decision to go with a different unit. It's like that sometimes." The Nets started 1-for-9 from the field. Carter, who had the only New Jersey basket in the run, picked up two quick fouls and was replaced by Hayes. Boston led 29-15 after the first quarter, shooting 11-for-18 from the field. Allen had 14 of those points. The Celtics led 68-39 at the half. Game notes  Carter witnessed the dramatic landing of the U.S. Airways jet in the Hudson River on Thursday from his apartment on the New Jersey side of the river. "It looked like it was out of a movie," Carter said. ... House played for the Celtics despite rolling an ankle Wednesday. The Boston inactives were  Tony Allen  (right ankle strain),  Kendrick Perkins  (sore left shoulder) and  J.R. Giddens . ... The Nets inactives were  Yi Jianlian  (broken finger),  Stromile Swift  (personal reasons) and  Sean Williams . ...  Eduardo Najera  was called for a flagrant foul on a hard takedown of Allen with 2:49 left in the first.  Bill Walker  of the Celtics picked up flagrant against  Ryan Anderson  with 4:23 remaining in the fourth. 