ATLANTA -- For just a few seconds, it appeared as if  Al Horford  might be seriously injured when he went down after a hard foul. Instead, he got up and made his free throws. The  Atlanta Hawks  weren't going to let anything keep them down, either. Horford had 23 points and 12 rebounds, and  Josh Smith  finished with 21 points and 10 rebounds in the Atlanta's sixth straight victory, 119-97 over the  Sacramento Kings  on Tuesday night. "We didn't want to lose to a team like Sacramento," Smith said. "No offense to them, but [after] beating New Orleans and Utah, teams who are on top of the Western Conference, we didn't want to let ourselves down by losing this game. We're just trying to separate ourselves from the pack. Miami's right on our heels still." Improving to 26-7 at home, the Hawks are 40-28 overall, their highest win total since 1997-98. They moved three games ahead of fifth-place Miami in the Eastern Conference. Kevin Martin  scored 31 for Sacramento, which fell to 0-27 against teams from the East and extended its losing streak to four. The Kings have dropped four straight and 13 of 14 away from California, where they are 4-30 this season. "We stopped playing together tonight, and this is happens when you play selfish basketball," Martin said. "I think we all learned a little lesson tonight. They were aggressive from the start. Al Horford is a load in the paint, and Josh Smith is one of the most athletic guys in the league, so that made it tough for us." Horford overcame a hard fall on his tailbone and right hip after  Spencer Hawes  fouled him with 10:47 remaining. Despite lying face-down on the floor for a few seconds and seeming to shiver, Horford arose and made his free throws. He stayed in the game until the 6:03 mark, when coach Mike Woodson sent in  Zaza Pachulia . "It's OK right now," he said. "I'm going to feel it tomorrow." Atlanta was eliminated by eventual champion Boston in the first round last year. Though it marked the end of a nine-year postseason drought for the Hawks, Horford was accustomed to bigger goals after helping Florida win national titles as a sophomore in 2006 and as a junior in '07. Even Atlanta's goal of winning 50 regular-season games isn't as important to Horford as getting home-court advantage for at least the first round of the playoffs. "I think the most important thing is getting the fourth spot, securing it," he said. "If 50 wins comes along with that, that'd be great." Joe Johnson  finished with 20 points for the Hawks, ending his four-game stretch of 30 or more after missing his first eight attempts from the field and finishing 8-for-21. All of Atlanta's six straight wins have come at home. The seven-game homestand ends after Dallas visits on Thursday, but after playing Saturday at Cleveland, the Hawks will have four more at Philips Arena against Minnesota, San Antonio, Boston and the  Los Angeles Lakers . The Kings' starting lineup of  Andres Nocioni ,  Jason Thompson , Hawes, Martin and  Beno Udrih  was their 22nd this season. Sacramento's biggest lead was 10 points midway through the first, but Atlanta never trailed after Pachulia's layup midway through the second. "We had a good first quarter, holding our own and then in the second quarter, we got relaxed and gave up a 42-point quarter," interim Kings coach Kenny Natt said. "We still showed some fight coming back in the second half. There were some opportunities there, but we just got sloppy and not taking care of the basketball. We took poor shots, sold ourselves out on the perimeter, and they were getting out and running on us." Game notes  Woodson said F  Marvin Williams , who averaged 14 points in 59 games, continues to rehab is lower back injury, but added that the team doesn't know when or if he will return. Williams has missed five straight games. ... Hawks G  Mike Bibby , acquired in a trade with the Kings last year, finished with 18 points and seven assists against his former team. ... Sacramento dropped to 0-27 on the road when beginning the fourth quarter with a deficit. 