AUBURN HILLS, Mich. -- The  New York Knicks  still have a long way to go if they want to sneak into the Eastern Conference playoffs. This week, though, they've been headed in the right direction. 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Knicks won back-to-back road games and climbed one and a half games behind the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference with the Bulls loss.
 
 Nate Robinson scored 30 points and was 10-for-10 from the free-throw line. It's his second straight 30-point game and seventh since Feb. 10.
 
 Antonio McDyess had 21 points and 22 rebounds (10 offensive).  It was the first 20-point, 20-rebound game by the Pistons since Bison Dele on Dec. 5, 1997.

 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 

 The Knicks rallied after halftime on the road for the second time in two nights Wednesday, beating the  Detroit Pistons  116-111 in overtime. "That's two nights in a row that we've been able to turn up the screws a bit in the second half," New York coach Mike D'Antoni said. "This one was against a really good team." The win gave the Knicks a 27-37 record, and while they are still in 13th place in the Eastern Conference, they are within 1  games of the last playoff spot. "It looked like we had no hope, but now we have a little hope," D'Antoni said. "We just have to keep up this intensity and keep playing this way." Nate Robinson  had 30 points, including 14 in the fourth quarter and overtime. In Tuesday's win over Milwaukee, the reserve scored 13 of his 32 points in the fourth. "We're just playing good team basketball," Robinson said. "Coach always tells us that if we share the ball and compete as a team, the sky's the limit." Antonio McDyess  had 21 points and a career-high 22 rebounds -- Detroit's first 20-20 game in over 11 years, and his first since 2001. That, though, wasn't enough to overcome the absence of  Rasheed Wallace  (calf) and  Allen Iverson  (back). "It's tough to come up short in a game like this," McDyess said. "We just couldn't hit enough shots down the stretch." David Lee  had 16 points and 18 rebounds for the Knicks, who trailed 83-71 in the early seconds of the fourth. "This was big,"  Larry Hughes  said. "We really dug down late in the fourth quarter and made it hard on them." The Knicks, though, narrowed the deficit to 93-92 before McDyess hit another shot with 3:40 to play. Robinson answered with a basket, and after both teams got a stop,  Tayshaun Prince  blocked  Quentin Richardson 's layup attempt with 1:12 left. Detroit extended the lead to three after another jumper by McDyess, but Hamilton fouled Hughes on a 3-point attempt with 10 seconds to go. "Larry's a smart basketball player, and he did a good job there," D'Antoni said. "We didn't want to hold the ball until the last second and let them set their defense." Hughes hit all three shots to tie the game at 101. "I felt comfortable," Hughes said. "Hitting three from the line in that situation is what we get paid to do." Detroit had a chance at a winning shot, but  Rodney Stuckey 's pass bounced off McDyess' hands under the basket. "Stuck made a great pass and Dice just lost it out of bounds," Detroit coach  Michael Curry  said. "I don't know what happened on that play." Jason Maxiell  missed a free throw that could have tied the game with 1:32 left in overtime, and Richardson answered with a jumper. Hughes' fast-break layup gave the Knicks a 110-105 lead, and New York held on for the win. Game notes  Robinson, listed at 5-foot-9, won a third-quarter jump ball with 6-9  Amir Johnson . ... McDyess has five career 20-20 games, but hadn't had one since doing it three times during the 2000-2001 season. ... No Piston had had a 20-20 game since the late  Bison Dele  on Dec. 5, 1997. ... The Knicks only committed three turnovers in 53 minutes while forcing the Pistons into 15. 