NEW ORLEANS -- Often the smallest player on the court,  Chris Paul  might have looked silly flexing both arms beside his head if his all-around game wasn't so big. Paul narrowly missed his seventh triple-double this season with 31 points, 17 assists and nine rebounds, and the  New Orleans Hornets  defeated the  Dallas Mavericks  102-92 on Sunday to earn a split in a key late-season home-and-home series. 
 
 
 
 Leading The Way 
 
 Chris Paul led the Hornets with 31 points, 17 assists and nine rebounds. It was the third 30-point, 15-assist game by Paul since his rookie season. 
 
 
 
 
 Most 30-Point, 15-Assist Games 
Since 2005-06* 
 
 Chris Paul  
 3 
 
 
 Baron Davis 
 3 
 
 
 Dwyane Wade 
 3 
 
 
 * -- Paul's rookie season 
 
 
 
 
 Afterward, Dallas coach Rick Carlisle said his club could do little to slow Paul. "We tried everything. We were trapping him ... pretty much the whole fourth quarter," Carlisle said. "He just found ways to either draw fouls or get the ball to other people. That's what great players do. He was great down the stretch." Paul had 20 of his points in the second half. For the game, he shot 11-of-15 from the field -- making both 3-pointers he tried -- and 7-of-7 from the foul line. "Paul was setting everybody up and he was scoring, so that's why he's one of the best point guards in the league," said Dallas'  Dirk Nowitzki , who had 29 points and 14 rebounds. 
 
 
 
 2009 NBA Playoffs 
 
 
Want an in-depth look at the playoffs? Check out all the matchups, analysis and opinion here: 
 Playoff pages 
 
 
 David West  scored 31 points to help New Orleans (49-31) move a game ahead of Dallas for the sixth playoff seed in the Western Conference. Each team has two games left in the regular season. "Obviously, you want to be seeded as high as possible, but it's all about us playing well," Paul said. "Whatever seed we get, I think we'll be fine." Josh Howard  added 15 points for the Mavericks, who had pulled even in the standings with New Orleans on Friday by beating the Hornets in Dallas. In the rematch, the Mavericks led for much of the third quarter and stayed close throughout, which once again forced Paul and West each to play more than 40 minutes while combining for nearly two-thirds of the Hornets' offense. New Orleans' two All-Stars have been averaging more than 40 minutes for a month now, meaning they won't be all that well rested for the playoffs. "We understand that is what it's going to take," West said. "We are not going to back down from that challenge." The Hornets did get help on defense with  James Posey  playing his second game since returning from a left elbow injury. In the fourth quarter, Hornets coach  Byron Scott  went with a small lineup, putting the 6-foot-9 West at center and having the 6-foot-8 Posey guard Nowitzki. The move paid off. Nowitzki was held to four points in the final period and could not get enough help as the Hornets outshot the Mavericks, 55.6 percent to 42.5 percent. "They started double-teaming me everywhere," Nowitzki said. "We've got to make some shots on the weak side and just 42 percent isn't good enough if we let them shoot 55." The Hornets led 77-73 early in the fourth quarter after Paul backed in on  Jose Barea 