MILWAUKEE --  Charlie Villanueva  thought any win the  Milwaukee Bucks  could get without  Andrew Bogut  would be big. This one was Villanueva's first. Michael Redd  scored a season-high 35 points and Villanueva added 13 of his 25 in the fourth quarter Monday night, leading Milwaukee to its first victory without Bogut in 21 months, 107-97 over the  Toronto Raptors .
 
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Bucks snapped a three-game losing streak to the Raptors. 
 
 Michael Redd led Milwaukee with a season-high 35 points. Redd has now scored at least 35 points in 34 career games.
 
 Three of the four reserves for the Bucks scored in double figures. Charlie Villanueva led the bench with 25.
 
 -- ESPN research 

 
 





 Milwaukee, which finished the game on a 13-0 run, lost its previous nine games -- including four this season -- without the former No. 1 draft pick, who missed his second straight game with back spasms. "Andrew's a very important piece to what we're trying to do," said Villanueva, who also was injured when the Bucks won three meaningless games late in the 2006-07 season without Bogut. "Any win we can get without him is a great win. Andrew's a great player and hopefully he comes back soon." But the Bucks did just fine without him for one night, thanks to Villanueva, who said it was no big deal to play against the Raptors, the organization that drafted him seventh overall in 2005 but dealt him for  T.J. Ford  the next year. Too bad his broad smile betrayed him. "I make my shots when I play Toronto. We should be playing Toronto every game," said Villanueva, averaging 23.2 points in the last five games against the Raptors, 10 above his career average. Instead of relying on defense, which has been much better of late, the Bucks simply outscored the Raptors down the stretch, getting 11 points each from  Charlie Bell  and  Ramon Sessions  and sending one of the NBA's most disappointing teams to another loss after it appeared Toronto had built some momentum with a big win over Orlando on Sunday. "It's disappointing because this certainly was a winnable game," said  Anthony Parker , who finished with 12 points. Even with a 14-21 record, Toronto is within sniffing distance of the playoffs in the woeful Eastern Conference as the season approaches the halfway point. Milwaukee (17-19) would be the eighth seed, even though Villanueva acknowledges it's way too early to think about that. "This is one of the teams that's competing for the eight, seven, six spots," Villanueva said. "Getting this win was huge, big, well-needed." The Raptors, playing without center  Jermaine O'Neal  and guard  Jose Calderon  on this two-game road trip, turned to  Chris Bosh , who had 31 points on 12-of-14 shooting and 11 rebounds to help Toronto hold the lead through most of three quarters. The Raptors shot 54 percent for the night. "I felt we could've been a little more aggressive," Bosh said. But neither he, nor  Andrea Bargnani , who added 21 points as O'Neal's replacement, could keep up with the Bucks down the stretch. "You can break down any segment of the game and they were able to hit tough shots," Raptors coach Jay Triano said. "We were up five, then they hit tough shots. We were up four, then they hit tough shots." Will Solomon , who started 1-for-9 as Calderon's replacement but tied a career high with 11 assists, hit a long jumper from the wing to give Toronto a 95-91 lead with 2:52 left. Luke Ridnour , who had been 0-for-5 to that point, answered with a 3-pointer and Bosh added two more free throws before a 3-pointer by Bell tied it at 97. Toronto then went cold, missing its final five attempts as Villanueva added an 18-footer and Ridnour a 3-pointer with 34 seconds left to give Milwaukee its seventh win in the last eight home games. "We're playing with a lot of confidence at home," Villanueva said. "We're starting to protect our home court. You can't lose at home. That's our mentality." Game notes  Toronto rookie  Roko Ukic  had 11 points. ... The Bucks are 4-21 overall when Bogut is out. ... It was Bosh's 18th double-double this season. ... Redd had 13 points in the third quarter. ... Milwaukee was also without  Malik Allen  (back) for the fifth straight game. ... Toronto has hit a 3-pointer in 813 consecutive games. 