LOS ANGELES -- Dislocated right ring finger and all,  Kobe Bryant  did just what the  Los Angeles Lakers  needed against the  Cleveland Cavaliers . So did his teammates. Bryant and  LeBron James  tussled to a virtual standoff Monday night, but Bryant's supporting cast was far more effective, and that was the difference as the Lakers beat Cleveland 105-88 to snap a five-game losing streak to the Cavaliers. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Kobe Bryant shook off a dislocated ring finger on his shooting hand in the first quarter to finish with 20 points and 12 assists. He's scored 20+ points in 36 of 40 games this season.
 
 Pau Gasol had 22 points and 12 rebounds, his 15th double-double of the season. Since acquiring Gasol, the Lakers have won each of the 10 games in which he was the team's leading scorer.
 
 After shooting 21-for-45 (46.7 percent) in the first half, the Cavs shot just 13-for-34 (38.2) in the second and were outscored 56-38 after halftime.
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 
 Bryant had 20 points, six rebounds and 12 assists in 41 minutes despite dislocating the ring finger on his shooting hand less than two minutes into the game. "I just dove for the ball, and the finger just popped out," Bryant recalled afterward while wearing a splint on the injured finger. "I was scared, I thought I was done. It felt like I had two fingers on one, it was just disgusting. [Trainer] Gary [Vitti] just popped it back into place. Not fun. "A lot," Bryant added when asked how much his finger bothered him during the game. "I played with some pain, obviously. I just tried to adjust as I went along, I just tried to play through it. It's just throbbing right now." Bryant, who shot 9-of-22, spoke to reporters just minutes after X-rays showed no fracture. He said he hadn't sustained this kind of injury before, and didn't believe he would miss any playing time. "For a while, we thought he was just going to be a playmaker tonight, but the second half, he started feeling like he could shoot it," Lakers coach Phil Jackson said, noting Bryant scored 15 of his 20 points after halftime. Pau Gasol  shot 11-of-13 and led Los Angeles with 22 points and 12 rebounds.  Andrew Bynum  and  Sasha Vujacic  scored 14 points each and  Derek Fisher  added 11 for the Lakers, whose 32-8 record is tops in the Western Conference. James had 23 points and nine rebounds, but shot just 9-of-25.  Mo Williams  added 16 points, six rebounds and five assists and  Sasha Pavlovic  scored 12 for the Cavaliers (31-8), who absorbed their most one-sided loss of the season. "You've got to give the Lakers credit, they played a very good basketball game," Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  said. "I thought they were the aggressors tonight. I thought they got up in us and made us play quick. You have to give Kobe Bryant credit, I thought he played a whale of a game." Bryant scored nine points during a 16-7 run to start the fourth quarter, giving the Lakers a 91-73 lead with 6:35 remaining. But just when the game seemed out of reach, the Cavaliers scored 11 straight points in three minutes to make it 91-84. But a jumper by Fisher ended the drought, and  Trevor Ariza  made two 3-pointers after that, sparking the Lakers to a 14-4 game-closing spurt. "We got back to what we were trying to accomplish and finished the game," Jackson said. Bryant began the game guarding James, and the fans reacted with a murmur of anticipation when they saw the matchup. Bryant spent most of the game defending the Cavaliers' star, but had plenty of help from his teammates. "It's always great when you go against the best," James said. "It brings out the best in you. He's one of the ultimate competitors that we have in our game today, and I enjoy going against him. "Defensively, they were really good. The same shots we made in the first half, we didn't in the second half. We had some open looks, but we couldn't capitalize and knock them down. And against a team like the Lakers, if you don't knock down shots, they can pull away because of how good they are offensively." The Lakers avoided their first three-game losing streak since last January. "It was a huge deal," Gasol said. "We didn't want to come out of this game with another loss on our home court. It was important for us to bounce back tonight. This is a significant victory for us. The defensive effort was outstanding." Gasol scored eight points and Bryant added six during a 22-10 run that gave the Lakers a 75-64 lead -- largest of the game for either team to that stage. It was 75-66 entering the fourth quarter. "I thought we did a great job defensively," said  Lamar Odom , who had eight points and 10 rebounds. "It was fun. We have to load up on [James]. There's no way we're going to leave our best player on an island with him. Kobe did a great job of denying him the ball." Game notes  Lakers F  Luke Walton  (injured right foot) missed his ninth straight game, although Jackson said beforehand that Walton was available. ... With Odom (right knee) and Vujacic (back spasms) having returned to action in recent days, the only unavailable player for the Lakers right now is G  Jordan Farmar  (left knee). ... The Cavaliers played without C  Zydrunas Ilgauskas  (left ankle), G  Delonte West  (right wrist) and G  Eric Snow  (left knee). ... The Lakers have an 8-2 record against the Cavaliers at Staples Center since the arena opened in 1999, but had lost the previous two home games to Cleveland. ... The game was the opener of a four-game trip for the Cavaliers, who are 11-8 on the road and have lost four of their last five road games. ... The Cavaliers are 11-2 against Western Conference teams and the Lakers are 11-5 against the East. ... The game was the second of six straight for the Lakers at Staples Center including a designated road game against the Clippers on Wednesday night. 