TORONTO -- A second-quarter surge and a big night by  Andrea Bargnani  gave the  Toronto Raptors  a rare victory over the  Detroit Pistons . Bargnani had 22 points and a career-high 12 rebounds for his first double-double of the season,  Chris Bosh  scored 25 points and the Raptors used a 44-point second quarter to beat the Pistons 110-99 on Wednesday night. Bosh had eight rebounds, falling two shy of his fourth double-double in four games, but was pleased to see the 7-foot Bargnani pick up the slack. "We want more of that," Bosh said. "He did a really good job on the boards tonight. That shows that if he really asserts himself on the boards, he can be a factor for us in rebounding. We need that, we need all the rebounds we can get." Hedo Turkoglu  added 16 points and  Antoine Wright  had 12 for the Raptors, who had lost seven of their previous eight games against Detroit. Ben Gordon  had a season-high 30 points, former Raptors player  Charlie Villanueva  and  Will Bynum  each scored 16 for the Pistons, who have lost three of four.  Rodney Stuckey  added 13 points and a career-high 10 rebounds. Toronto became the first team this season to score more than 100 points against Detroit, which began the night second in the league behind Boston in points allowed at 85.3. "Needless to say, you let anybody in the league score that many points and it's going to be tough to counter that," Gordon said of Toronto's explosive second. "It seemed like every possession they got a good shot or got to the free throw line. It's tough to win like that, when you're not really stopping them at all. They're either going to get a good look or get some free throws." Toronto's reserves did most of the damage in the second, when the Raptors made seven of their first eight shots and 10 of their first 12. The 44 points were a season high for a quarter and gave Toronto a season-high 68 in the first half. "Our bench was outstanding," coach Jay Triano said. "I thought they came in, gave us energy, they ran up and down the floor, they got us stops and deflections. That was some of the best basketball that group has played and they earned themselves minutes in the second half because of that." After leading by as many as 17, Toronto had an 85-77 edge to start the fourth but couldn't hold it. Detroit rookie  Austin Daye  opened the quarter with a 3-pointer, sparking a 14-3 run. Bynum capped it with a 3 followed by a reverse layup as the Pistons took the lead for the first time since the second quarter, 91-90, with 7:46 remaining. The Pistons weren't in front for long. After  Jason Maxiell  missed two free throws,  Jose Calderon  restored Toronto's lead with a 3-pointer. Bynum tied it again with a layup but Bosh made a hook shot, Bargnani hit four straight free throws and Turkoglu drained a jumper to give the Raptors a 101-93 lead with 3:45 to go. "It just seemed like we just ran out of gas," Villanueva said. "When you dig yourself into a hole like that, it's tough to get out of it." For the second straight game, Detroit played without guard  Richard Hamilton  (right ankle) and forward  Tayshaun Prince  (sore lower back), both of whom are day-to-day. Prince, whose streak of 496 consecutive games ended in Tuesday's home victory over Orlando, did not accompany the team to Toronto. Gordon went 4 for 5 from the floor in the first as Detroit built a nine-point lead before Toronto closed the quarter with an 8-3 run, making it 28-24. Jack had the highlight play of the second, using a nifty dribble to split two defenders and get into the lane, then firing an over-the-shoulder pass to Bargnani for a running dunk that gave Toronto a 43-33 lead with 8:13 left. The Raptors led 68-56 at the half. Game notes  Detroit rookie  Jonas Jerebko  made his second straight start. ... Former Raptors forward  Charles Oakley  attended the game and was honored after the first quarter as part of the team's 15th anniversary celebrations. ... Toronto plays seven of its next eight on the road. 