WASHINGTON -- Ed Tapscott could hardly speak. The  Washington Wizards ' interim coach has been fighting the flu, and the best medicine was a rare win. Washington won for the 10th time this season -- 106-94 over the equally woeful  Los Angeles Clippers  on Saturday night, and Tapscott forced a smile. "It is funny to hear a team with our record having a 'must game,'" Tapscott said. The Wizards are 10-37, and so are the Clippers, who have lost five straight and 18 of 20. Three of Washington's victories have come against fellow doormats: the Clippers, Oklahoma City and Sacramento, who have combined for just 31 wins. "I'd like to expand that group," Tapscott said. "I'm not happy with 10 wins. I'm happy with any win." Antawn Jamison  had 25 points and 12 rebounds,  Nick Young  added 22 and rookie  JaVale McGee  tied his career high with 18. "We're to the point where we don't want to lose any game at all. We've been pretty much embarrassed this season. It doesn't matter who we're playing," Jamison said. "Just because their record is close to ours doesn't prove anything." Tapscott will give the Wizards a day off on Sunday, giving him a chance to rest his weary body. "I need some sleep and some NyQuil," Tapscott said. "That's my drink of choice nowadays." Tapscott, who at 57, was tabbed as Eddie Jordan's temporary replacement last November, never gave a thought to calling in sick. "If I have to coach prone, I will do so," Tapscott said. "If they fix me a gurney and stretcher over there, I'll coach that way." The teams entered the game with a combined record of 19-73 -- and the game lived down to expectations. Los Angeles committed a season-high 25 turnovers -- 10 in the first quarter alone. "If you look at the stat sheet, it tells the story: 25 turnovers," Clippers coach  Mike Dunleavy  said. "Bad decisions," Dunleavy said. "We were not connected." The Wizards ended a lackluster first half on a 12-2 run, culminating in an exciting final 4.9 seconds. Young, who scored seven points during the run, drove past three Clippers and dunked the ball, and Los Angeles'  Eric Gordon  scored on a layup with 0.9 seconds remaining.  Mike James  responded with a 3-pointer at the horn to give Washington its largest lead, 58-47. Young had 13 points in nine minutes in the half. The Clippers cut a 13-point to lead to two when  Ricky Davis  hit a 3-pointer with a minute to play in the third. Gordon had 13 points in the quarter, but Young hit two free throws to start the Wizards on an 11-0 run that gave them an 88-75 lead with 9:13 to play. Gordon led Los Angeles with 25 points. Caron Butler  added 16 points and had 13 rebounds and seven assists for the Wizards. Game notes  Dunleavy said that F-C Zack Randolph, who's been out since Dec. 22 with a bruised left knee is nearing a return. "That will be a positive when it happens -- probably in the next week or so." ... G  Mardy Collins  missed his fifth game with a strained left calf. He's not close to a return, Dunleavy said. ... Dunleavy hopes that C  Chris Kaman , who's been out with a left foot injury since Nov. 29, may return after the All-Star Game. ... Wizards C  Brendan Haywood , who hasn't played this season after surgery on his right wrist, has had pins removed from his wrist, but hasn't been cleared to practice, Tapscott said. 