SALT LAKE CITY --  Manu Ginobili  saved San Antonio from the foul line, where the Spurs struggled the most.
 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 San Antonio snapped a four-game losing streak in Utah.
 
 The Spurs have now won 28 straight games when scoring 100-plus points. They are 14-0 this season.
 
 The Jazz lost back-to-back home games for just the second time this season. 
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 
 Ginobili made all eight of his foul shots in the fourth quarter, scoring 10 of his 13 points in the final period to help the Spurs hold off the  Utah Jazz  106-100 on Tuesday night. Ginobili made 11 of 12 foul shots, saving the Spurs from an embarrassing night at the line and keeping the Jazz from rallying at the end. "Until that horn goes off, you're worried about whatever may happen," said  Tim Duncan , who had 24 points and nine rebounds for the Spurs. "Luckily enough, Manu was great down the stretch hitting free throws and giving us the lead we needed." The Spurs pulled away with a 10-0 run early in the fourth quarter and led the rest of the way, making their last 10 free throws to finish 21-for-32. Ginobili was 6-for-6 from the line in the final 24 seconds. "Manu is an important part of us winning basketball games," San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich said. "He was aggressive and got to go to the line." Tony Parker  added 24 points and six assists for the Spurs, who have won five of six.  Matt Bonner  scored 20, going 6-for-7 on 3-pointers as the Spurs went 11-for-20 from beyond the arc. "They started off the second half really hot, knocking down 3s," said  Ronnie Brewer , who led Utah with 23 points. "We put ourselves in a bad position and we had to fight our way out the rest of the game." Deron Williams  had 19 points and 13 assists and  Mehmet Okur  had 22 points and a season-high 17 rebounds for Utah, which lost its fourth straight. The Jazz reserves were outscored by San Antonio's 25-6. Utah was without injured forwards  Andrei Kirilenko  (ankle) and  Carlos Boozer  (knee), but had a chance at the end after San Antonio struggled from the foul line. The Spurs were 9-for-16 entering the fourth quarter and finished 21 of 32, thanks mostly to Ginobili, who added a clutch rebound when Okur missed a 3-pointer with about 10 seconds left to play. The Jazz outrebounded the Spurs 46-35, but couldn't catch up after the Spurs took a 10-point lead early in the fourth. "We made some mistakes, got lost a couple times defensively in what we were really trying to do," Utah coach Jerry Sloan said. "They made some plays to come up with the basketball as we came down the stretch." Bruce Bowen  tied the game at 82 with a jumper, and put the Spurs ahead with another jumper to start a 10-0 run. Duncan completed with a dunk before the Jazz ended their scoring drought on an alley-oop from Williams to  C.J. Miles . The Jazz got within a 94-93 on a layup by  Paul Millsap , but no closer. Ginobili answered with a reverse layup, then made a steal and hit two free throws to put the Spurs up 98-93 with 44 seconds left. Game notes  Kirilenko had a cortisone injection Monday and the Jazz hoped to know by Thursday whether he will need surgery on his right ankle. ... Parker forced Williams out of bounds late in the second quarter, causing a turnover that allowed San Antonio to set up Bonner's 3-pointer with two seconds left that put the Spurs up 50-49 at halftime. ... The Spurs made 11 of 20 3-pointers. ... Millsap had 14 points and nine rebounds. 