SACRAMENTO, Calif. --  Dwyane Wade  was having a rough night. His shot was unreliable. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Dwayne Wade has his fifth 40-point game of the season, the most he has had in one season in his career.
 
 The Heat improve to 7-10 on the road this season, one more then they had all of last season.
 
 The Kings have lost 14 consecutive games against Eastern Conference teams, the longest current inter-conference losing streak in the league.
 
 Sacramento has lost 21 of its last 24 games and falls to 2-11 under interim coach Kenny Natt.
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 Wade, of course, was still spectacular. He scored 10 of his 41 points in overtime to help the  Miami Heat  outlast the  Sacramento Kings  119-115 on Friday night. "That No. 3 is pretty good," a weary-looking Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. Wade scored the final five points in overtime for the Heat, who had dropped three of four games. Relentless no matter who was covering him, Wade made 11 of 26 shots and 18 of 24 free throws. Wade also had five rebounds and seven assists. Wade went down hard on a flagrant foul by  Spencer Hawes  in overtime. After lying under the basket for over a minute, Wade got up and made one of two free throws for a 112-110 lead at the 2:01 mark. "It's basketball, sometimes there are hard fouls and hard falls," Wade said. "You've got to get up and play. I hurt a lot of parts of my body on that one fall." Kevin Martin  and  John Salmons  scored 29 points for the Kings, who had a 10-point lead early in the fourth quarter but have now lost five straight and 11 of 12. Rookie  Michael Beasley  came off the bench to score 23 points for the Heat.  Mario Chalmers  had 13 points and  Udonis Haslem  had 11. It was Hawes rallying the Kings in the final minute. He hit a corner 3-pointer to get the Kings within a point with 10.4 seconds remaining. After Chalmers made one of two free throws, the Kings rushed downcourt and Hawes connected on 17-footer to tie the game at 104 with 3.1 seconds left. Wade shot an airball at the buzzer to send the game into overtime. The Heat are on a seven-game, 12-day trip that began Wednesday with a loss in Denver. It's only the third time in franchise history that Miami has played seven straight road games. With an 8-29 record, the Kings are having the worst start to a season in the Sacramento era, which dates to 1985-86. Typically a good home team, even in their lean years, the Kings are now 6-12 at Arco Arena where the crowds have dwindled and the enthusiasm has waned. "It's obviously another disappointing loss after fighting so hard, having a chance to tie it up in regulation, gong to overtime and having a chance to win another basketball game," Kings interim coach Kenny Natt said. "Then we let it slip away, so obviously we're disappointed about that." Game notes  Salmons made all five first-half shots and converted on his four free throw attempts. ... New York Yankees pitcher CC Sabathia, Milwaukee Brewers reliever Manny Parra and Mets manager Jerry Manuel were in courtside seats. ... Coming off a season-high 25 points against Denver,  Shawn Marion  had only eight against the Kings. 