DALLAS -- One night after logging major minutes in a loss to Houston, the  Dallas Mavericks ' starters were able to take it easy. Brandon Bass  scored 16 of his season-high 20 points in the second quarter and Dallas' reserves contributed 54 points to lift the Mavericks past the  Sacramento Kings  116-95 on Saturday night. "We just thought it was a good opportunity to let it ride with those guys." Mavericks coach Rick Carlisle said of his bench. "They had a good rhythm. They were defending and they were scoring." 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 With the win, the Mavericks moved past the New Orleans Hornets for sixth spot in the Western Conference.
 
 Dirk Nowitzki scored 12 points and now has a total of 21 points in his last two games.
 
 The Kings lost for the 11th consecutive game at Dallas.
 
 Sacramento fell to 2-22 in its last 24 road games.
 
 -- ESPN research 
 
 
 In Dallas' 93-86 loss to the Rockets that wasn't decided until the final minute,  Dirk Nowitzki  played 43 minutes while  Jason Kidd  and  Josh Howard  were on the court for nearly 40 minutes. It was a far different story Saturday. Nowitzki didn't play during a second quarter in which Dallas' bench helped put the game away. Even with key sub and No. 2 scorer  Jason Terry  out with a broken hand, Mavericks reserves scored 32 in the second quarter as Dallas had a season-high 70 points at halftime. "The starters were tired after playing a lot of tough minutes in Houston," said  James Singleton , who came off the bench to score a season-high 19 points. "It was very important for all of us to contribute." Howard scored 20 points, Nowitzki had 12 and Singleton grabbed 12 rebounds for the Mavericks, who have won 11 straight home games over the Kings in the regular season. Dallas pulled all their starters early in the fourth quarter. Beno Udrih  had 18 points, and  Spencer Hawes  and  Francisco Garcia  each scored 17 for the Kings, who have the NBA's worst record at 12-45. "We never really got into these guys and they jumped on us early," Sacramento interim coach Kenny Natt said. Andres Nocioni , one of the key players Sacramento picked up in a trade that sent  Brad Miller  and  John Salmons  to Chicago, was 2-for-11 with 10 points in 30 minutes. "It was pretty tough," Nocioni said. "I don't know the plays. I haven't had a practice. But I tried to do what I could." Dallas shot 71 percent (15-of-21) in the second quarter and outscored Sacramento 40-30 to build its 20-point halftime lead. Mavericks reserves scored the first 14 of the quarter. Bass, the first player off the bench, scored 10 in a 21-7 run that gave the Mavericks a 57-40 lead with 3:48 remaining in the first half. "I try to be ready every night and take what the defense gives," Bass said. "Dallas gave me an opportunity to play and I'm trying to build on it." Dallas made its final five shots of the first half, including Kidd feeding  Antoine Wright  for a dunk with five-tenths of a second remaining. Kidd had seven assists in the second quarter and three of those set up thunderous dunks from Singleton. The point guard finished with 11 points and 11 assists. The Mavericks led by as much as 29 and the Kings never got closer than 19 after halftime. Nocioni came in with 4:39 left in the first quarter. He missed his first two shots before scoring on a layup early in the second quarter. Four players the Kings acquired in a flurry of trades made before Thursday's deadline were active Saturday night.  Will Solomon , shipped from Toronto, scored seven points.  Cedric Simmons , who came from Chicago along with Nocioni and  Drew Gooden , and  Ike Diogu  did not play. Gooden is expected to join the Kings on Sunday and may play Monday night against New Orleans. Game notes   Calvin Booth  and  Rashad McCants , acquired from Minnesota, are also expected to join Sacramento on Sunday.... The Mavericks won the season series 3-1. ... Sacramento's last regular-season win in Dallas came Feb. 27, 2003. The Kings have won two playoff games in Dallas since. ... Kings guard  Kevin Martin  was held to 11 points, more than 13 below his average. He had scored 65 points in his past two games. 