PHILADELPHIA -- While coach Jerry Sloan was addressing the media, a giddy group of  Utah Jazz  players could be heard laughing in the adjacent locker room. They had plenty of reasons to be thrilled. Carlos Boozer  had 24 points and 12 rebounds, Wesley Matthews added a career-high 16 points and the short-handed Utah Jazz ran past the  Philadelphia 76ers  112-90 on Friday night. "They should be happy," Sloan said. "I don't think a lot of people expected them to win." Paul Millsap  and  Mehmet Okur  scored 15 points each,  Ronnie Brewer  contributed 14 and  Eric Maynor  had 13 points and 11 assists for the Jazz, who played without point guard  Deron Williams  yet still had seven players in double figures.  Andrei Kirilenko  had 13. "With Deron out, we knew we had to step it up," Boozer said. "You've really got to tip your hat to the rookies." Williams -- who leads the Jazz in scoring and assists -- temporarily left the team to deal with a family medical issue, but could return in time for Saturday's game at Cleveland. After Friday's game, Williams released a statement which read in part, "We [he and his wife] both appreciate the support of the fans, the Jazz organization and my teammates. I will return to the court as soon as possible." The Jazz had only nine available players. Also missing were guards  Ronnie Price  (sprained left big toe) and  Kyle Korver  (left knee surgery) as well as forwards  Matt Harpring  (ankle/knee) and  C.J. Miles  (left thumb surgery). Utah started a pair of rookies in the backcourt in Matthews and Maynor. Maynor had played only 31 minutes all season before this game. "It felt real good, like I was back in college again," Maynor said. Thaddeus Young  scored 17,  Jason Kapono  added 12 and  Andre Iguodala  had 11 points and 10 assists for the Sixers, who fell to 4-5.  Elton Brand  had 11 points and  Lou Williams  10. "From the second quarter on, they pushed us and we didn't push back hard enough," Brand said. The Jazz held a 23-point lead late in the third quarter when Kirilenko hit a pair of free throws with 22 seconds left to go ahead 92-69. Utah scored the final eight points of the quarter. Utah's lead increased to 26 early in the fourth. "Maybe if the bully pushes us long enough, maybe we'll push back," Philadelphia coach Eddie Jordan said. "That time hasn't come yet." The Sixers briefly closed within 99-85 on a jumper by Kapono with 5:41 left before the Jazz pulled away and sealed the win. Using a 17-4 run late in the second quarter, the Jazz raced to a 60-46 advantage. They led 64-50 at halftime and shot 54 percent from the field. Game notes  Iguodala had one free throw attempt in the previous two games. He was 3 for 5 against the Jazz. Utah hit its first 17 free throws before missing. The Jazz had only three turnovers at halftime. 