TORONTO --  Dwyane Wade  warmed up for his rematch with  LeBron James  by ripping apart the  Toronto Raptors . Wade had 42 points, eight assists and six rebounds, and the  Miami Heat  beat Toronto 108-102 on Friday night, snapping a six-game losing streak against the Raptors. "Right now I'm just in a groove and when my jump shot is going like it is, I get more confident," Wade said. "Hopefully I can keep it up." Wade shot 17-for-23 and topped 40 points for the fourth time in seven games, a run in which he also posted a career-high 50 points and two 30-point performances. The NBA's leading scorer came in averaging 35.8 points since the All-Star break, also tops in the league. "Once you start hitting a couple of shots, whether it's free throws or whether you get to the basket, but especially if it's jump shots, your confidence builds and builds," Wade said. "You feel like you can't miss and when you do miss you look at the rim like 'What's going on?' That's a feeling that we all love to experience. I've been experience it for a couple of games now. I just hope when it dies down, it doesn't die down too bad." Wade and the Heat visit James and the Cavaliers on Saturday night. Cleveland beat Miami 107-100 on Monday, with James outscoring Wade 42-41. "I enjoyed the battle that we had," Wade said. "You all saw it on ESPN, right? It was a good show." Wade matched his own franchise record with his fourth consecutive 30-point game. He also had 30-plus in four straight from Nov. 7 to 12, but coach Erik Spoelstra said Wade is playing better now. "This is probably one of, if not the most efficient stretches he's ever been on in terms of scoring the basketball, directing the offense and getting other people involved," Spoelstra said. Miami center  Jermaine O'Neal  said he's never had a teammate like Wade. "I've played with some great players, but what he does is unbelievable," O'Neal said. "He just turns it on." Michael Beasley  scored 12 points and  Udonis Haslem ,  Mario Chalmers  and  Chris Quinn  had 10 as Miami won back-to-back games for the first time since a three-game streak from Jan. 24-28. The Heat had not beaten Toronto since a 92-89 home victory on April 3, 2007. Chris Bosh  scored 34 points and  Andrea Bargnani  had 23 for Toronto, which has lost four straight. Leading 86-76 after three, the Heat called timeout after two quick Toronto baskets to open the fourth, then came out of the break with an 11-2 run, putting them up 97-82 with 6:05 remaining. A 3-pointer by  Jason Kapono  and Bargnani's layup made it 106-100 with 1:04 left but, after a Miami timeout, Wade banked in a fadeaway shot to seal the win. "We were dead in the water at that point, we couldn't get a clean look," Spoelstra said. "They defended the possession as well as you could. It was a broken play at that point and that's what the great players do in this league. Dwyane has done that for us so many times this year already." It was the first meeting between the teams since a Feb. 13 trade that saw Miami swap forward  Shawn Marion  and guard  Marcus Banks  for O'Neal and forward  Jamario Moon . Marion had 10 points and Banks was held scoreless, while O'Neal had eight points and eight rebounds and Moon had five points and five boards. Asked before the game how he planned to defend Wade, Toronto coach Jay Triano gave an exasperated sigh, then said it would be "the same type of thing we do with Kobe and LeBron, he's in that category." Once it was done, Triano hadn't seen anything to made him feel differently. "He's in that upper echelon," Triano said of Wade. "You talk Kobe and LeBron and he isn't far off with some of the shots and some of the plays that he makes. He makes his teammates better and he knows how to find guys." Wade was sharp from the get-go, shooting 6-for-8 and scoring 12 points in the first. His nasty spin move on a turnaround jumper midway through the first left defender  Anthony Parker  on the ground, falling in the wrong direction. Toronto missed its first six shots but overcame Wade's quick start with nine points from Bargnani and led 24-22 after one. Bosh had 11 points in the second, but Wade made three 3-pointers and Quinn added two more as the Heat led 56-50 at the break. After signing for the rest of the season earlier Friday, center  Pops Mensah-Bonsu  made his Toronto debut and finished with four points and 10 rebounds. Beasley picked up a technical for arguing with referee Ron Garretson after being called for his third foul in eight minutes of first-quarter action. Game notes  Wade, who scored 40 points in a 101-95 loss to Toronto on Nov. 19, is the first opponent to have two 40-point games against the Raptors in a single season. ... Toronto opponents have topped 50 first-half points in seven consecutive games. ... Raptors guard  Jose Calderon 's first assist was the 1,762nd of his career, moving him past  Damon Stoudamire  into sole possession of second place on Toronto's career list. He finished with six assists. ... New York Mets pitcher Francisco Rodriguez, in town for the World Baseball Classic, watched from a courtside seat. 