NEW YORK -- Another game against Washington was all it took to get New York's offense rolling again. And the best news for the Knicks? They get to play the Wizards again in two nights. David Lee  had 30 points and 10 rebounds, reserve  Al Harrington  scored 27 points, and the Knicks handed the Wizards their sixth straight loss with a 128-122 victory Wednesday night. "It's not about my offense. It's not about how I'm playing," Lee said. "It's the fact that we were able to get another win today at home and we've got another chance at Washington in a couple of days here and that's another victory we have to get." Unless something changes quickly, count on the Knicks getting it. Quentin Richardson  added 26 points for the Knicks, who have piled up the points in the first three meetings with the Wizards this season and can complete a season sweep for the first time since 2003-04 by grabbing the back end of a home-and-home series Friday in Washington. The Knicks managed 100 points only once on their four-game road trip, losing three of them. They hit the century mark early in the fourth quarter of this one and are averaging 121.3 points against the Wizards. "Their ability to move the ball off the dribble and their quick passing gives us trouble," Wizards coach Ed Tapscott said. "If we go big, we can't guard them off the dribble, and if we go small, we can't get rebounds. So I guess I'm going to have to find something in between that will allow us a semblance of both." Chris Duhon  finished with 17 points and nine assists for the Knicks, who scored 114 and 122 points in their two earlier victories over Washington -- which fired Eddie Jordan two days after the second one. They were even better Wednesday but could never shake the Wizards, who shot 59.7 percent, until the final minutes. New York led by only three before Lee got a layup off an inbounds pass and Richardson followed with a 3-pointer to make it 119-111 with 1:25 remaining. Lee, among the league leaders in rebounding and field goal percentage, added six assists. He was coming off a 24-point performance in the Knicks' surprising victory at New Orleans on Monday. Washington's  Nick Young  scored 33 points, establishing a career high for the third time in four games, and  Caron Butler  added 25.  Mike James  had 20 points, but the Wizards stumbled when he had to leave with five fouls. The injury-plagued Wizards have been without  Gilbert Arenas  and  Brendan Haywood  all season and then recently lost  DeShawn Stevenson  (back) and  Etan Thomas  (torn ligament in his left knee). But that's meant more time for Young, who was 13-of-17 after recent games of 28 and 30 points. The Knicks were opening a stretch where 10 of 13 games are at home, but they'd better get the wins early. The last three games, all the first week of next month at Madison Square Garden, are against the Lakers, Cleveland and Boston. "These games here, you've just got to win. Somehow you've got to find a way to win, especially at home," Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni said. "They played great and I thought we took their best punch and played well." Both teams had improved defensively lately, but were back to their old bad habits in this one. The Wizards shot 61 percent and the Knicks 59.5 percent in the first half, which ended with New York leading 67-66 behind 21 points from Harrington. "It was almost like pickup basketball," James said. "We were talking at halftime. Some people said they've seen more defense on video games. You joke about that, but it's not a laughing matter." Washington made eight of its first 12 shots, New York started 8-of-13, and the Wizards were ahead 20-18 with the first quarter not even half over. The Knicks led 36-30 after Harrington banked in a 3-pointer as time expired. Game notes  Tapscott formerly worked in the Knicks' front office, including a stint as interim president and general manager. He's perhaps best remembered in New York for the 1999 drafting of French center Frederic Weis, who never played for the team, when many Knicks fans wanted hometown product  Ron Artest . "Your focus is always forward, although it's always a thrill to come back to the Garden," Tapscott said. "I mean this is obviously a special place. I spent 10 years here, 10 very good years and it's a special treat to come here." ... Knicks C  Eddy Curry  was not in uniform, out for the third straight game after making a brief season debut on New York's road trip. D'Antoni didn't know when Curry would play, but said it wouldn't be until he could get some practice time.  