MIAMI -- Someday, the  Miami Heat  will play another close game. For now, they'll savor the easy ones. Dwyane Wade  had 27 points and eight assists before sitting out the fourth quarter,  Michael Beasley  added 21 points and 13 rebounds and a bizarre week of blowouts for the Heat continued with a 115-84 victory over the freefalling  Sacramento Kings  on Saturday night. Udonis Haslem  scored 14 points, and  Jermaine O'Neal  added 12 for the Heat, who beat Indiana by 30 on Tuesday night, lost to Charlotte by 39 on Wednesday night and won in Washington by 24 on Friday night. Only one of Miami's last nine games has been decided by less than 10 points. "It's always good to get these kind of wins, to come out and take care of business moreso than anything," Wade said. "Winning three out of four, even though the one we lost was very disappointing, is what we want to continue to do." The win kept Miami fifth in the Eastern Conference, with  LeBron James  and East-leading Cleveland set to visit on Monday night. "We've got to get ready for a battle," Wade said. Tyreke Evans  had 15 points for the Kings, who finished an 0-6 trip, have lost 12 of their last 13 overall and haven't won away from home since that stunning erasure of a 35-point deficit to prevail in Chicago on Dec. 21.  Spencer Hawes  finished with 14 points, and  Omri Casspi  had 13 for Sacramento, which only got five for the second straight night from  Kevin Martin  -- a 21.5 point-per-game scorer. "Kevin was very frustrated," Kings coach Paul Westphal said. "He hasn't found his rhythm. We know Kevin Martin is a big-time scorer in this league and an energy player, but he didn't look like he was able to show that kind of game." To be fair, none of the Kings could -- not in this one, anyway. The second night of back-to-back games have been disasters for Miami this season, which was 1-6 in that situation and got a stern challenge pregame from Heat coach Erik Spoelstra to turn that tide around. For a change, the Heat made it look easy. Miami led by 12 in the first quarter, saw the lead cut to 33-31 when the Kings scored the first six points of the second period, then turned it into a rout. "It was a positive week," Spoelstra said. "We have to move on from that Charlotte game. But the other three performances we had were extremely high energy." A 19-4 run midway through the second pushed the Heat edge to 52-35, and it was never a game again. "We were just going through the motions," Evans said. The Kings shot 49 percent in the opening half and were still down 65-45 at the break, Miami's second-best opening half of the season largely because the Heat turned just about every Sacramento miscue into points. The Kings had nine turnovers in the first two quarters; Miami scored on seven of them, turning the giveaways into 15 points. "It's just another bad night," Martin said. "That's all I'll chalk it up to. Loss of words right now." If that wasn't enough, Wade's hot streak continued. Already shooting 57 percent and averaging 29.3 points in his last six games coming in, the reigning NBA scoring champion hit eight of his first nine shots, getting to 19 points and six assists by halftime. The last of those first-half assists came with 3.7 seconds left, finding  Dorell Wright  for a 3-pointer and a 65-45 lead. Miami kept piling on in the third, going up 89-61 entering the final 12 minutes. "Hopefully we won't have to get beat by 30 or 40 to come out with this kind of effort from here on out," Haslem said. Game notes  Wright had made all 21 free throws he attempted this season until a miss late in the opening quarter. ... Unusual basket for the Heat midway through the second quarter, when Wright drove the lane, had a pass bounce off Casspi and through the hoop. O'Neal was credited with the score. ... At least a half-dozen Israeli flags were being waved around the lower bowl of the arena, honoring Casspi's first trip to Miami in the NBA. 