PHILADELPHIA --  Andre Iguodala  wasn't bothered by his first five misses from 3-point territory. So he went to his favorite spot on the floor for his sixth attempt. Elton Brand  scored 26 points, and Iguodala had 25 points, eight rebounds and eight assists to help the  Philadelphia 76ers  rally for a 106-103 overtime victory over the  Chicago Bulls  on Wednesday night. Iguodala's clutch 3-pointer from the top of the key gave the Sixers a 101-98 lead they would not relinquish. "That area has been good for me this year," Iguodala said. It was the first loss by the Bulls in overtime this season. The Bulls had been 4-0 in overtime games prior to Wednesday night.  Willie Green  added 15 points in place of  Allen Iverson , while  Lou Williams  had 14, and  Samuel Dalembert  finished with 10 points and 13 rebounds for the Sixers (17-31), who have won two in a row. They are still just 8-16 at home. "It was a big win for the team," Green said. "We hope to carry the momentum into the next two road games." Iverson missed the game because one of his children is ill. The All-Star guard is expected back Friday night at New Orleans. In 25 games since returning to the Sixers, Iverson has averaged 14.4 points. Derrick Rose  scored 13 of his 30 points in the fourth quarter and overtime, and  Luol Deng  and  John Salmons  had 17 each for the Bulls (23-24), who had their five-game road winning streak snapped. Those five wins came against teams with winning records, which set an NBA record. "We didn't have the energy we've had in past road games," Salmons said. "We have to make sure we stay focused from beginning to end." Kirk Hinrich  added 13 points, and  Tyrus Thomas  had 12 for Chicago. "Give Philadelphia credit," Bulls coach  Vinny Del Negro  said. "They made some shots at the end." Rose hit two free throws to tie it at 98 with 1:41 left in overtime. "We should have put this game away when we had a chance," Rose said. On Philadelphia's next possession, Iguodala hit his huge 3-pointer. After a miss by Rose, Green connected on a short jumper for a 103-98 lead with 50.8 seconds remaining. The Sixers pulled away from there for a rare victory at the Wachovia Center. "It's a big win in overtime," Brand said. "It's like role reversal from playing these guys at the beginning of the year." Iguodala had a chance to put the Sixers ahead with 6.7 seconds left in regulation, but he converted the first free throw and missed the second, tying it at 94. Brand then missed a short jumper from the baseline. Rose had one last shot for Chicago and his 18-footer from the baseline fell short, forcing overtime. Game notes  Sixers C Samuel Dalembert said he plans to visiting his home country of Haiti during the All-Star break. It will be Dalembert's second trip since the devastating earthquake in Haiti. ... Deng had 11 rebounds for Chicago. ... Seldom-used Sixers G  Royal Ivey  played for the first time since Dec. 31, 2009, at Los Angeles against the Clippers. Ivey scored three points in 7 minutes. Information from The Associated Press was used in this report. 