OAKLAND, Calif. -- The  Memphis Grizzlies  didn't play like a team chasing a postseason spot. Stephen Curry  had 30 points and 11 assists,  Reggie Williams  scored 23 points, and the  Golden State Warriors  damaged the Grizzlies' playoff hopes with a 128-110 victory on Wednesday night. 
 
 
 
 2010 NBA Playoffs 
 
 The 2010 NBA playoff picture is taking shape. Check out the up-to-the-minute matchups here:  Playoff pairings 
 
 "We feel that every game from here on out we have to come with the purpose that it is a playoff game," Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  said. "We've got to win these games to have an opportunity. We let this one slip away." Monta Ellis  added 21 points for the Warriors, who snapped a three-game losing streak.  Corey Maggette  and  Anthony Tolliver  each had 12 points and  Chris Hunter , making his sixth start, recorded his first career double-double with 10 points and 10 rebounds. "You've got to be aggressive," Hunter said. "You can't worry about getting into foul trouble." Rudy Gay  had 25 points and 10 rebounds for the Grizzlies, who had won three of four.  O.J. Mayo  and Conley each added 21 points.  Sam Young  scored 14. "We were sleepwalking the first half," Conley said. "They were being aggressive and making shots. We just didn't play defense in the first half." All-Star  Zach Randolph  finished with 16 points and five rebounds before leaving in the third quarter with a sore left ankle. The ninth-place Grizzlies fell 4 1/2 games behind No. 8 Portland in the Western Conference with 10 games remaining. Memphis never led after the 9:18 mark of the first quarter as the Warriors went on to shoot nearly 55 percent for the contest. "We didn't play any defense, nobody," Mayo said. "It's not about the offense. We gave up 78 points in the first half -- enough said." Warriors coach Don Nelson pulled within three wins of Lenny Wilkens (1,332) as the NBA's all-time winningest coach. Hasheem Thabeet  crashed into Maggette under the Warriors' basket early in the third quarter, causing both players to fall to the floor, stunned for a minute or so. Maggette eventually jumped up and began arguing with an official about the no-call, which earned him a technical foul. Williams scored 20-plus points in back-to-back games for the first time in his career. The Grizzlies got within 12 points entering the final minute of the third quarter, but a flurry of 3-pointers from Williams, Curry and  C.J. Watson  upped the lead to 20 before Conley, who also had nine assists, hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer to make it 103-86 entering the final period. "We got a little quick with our shots and they were back in transition," Curry said. "We didn't know exactly how to handle it and that's when they got back in it. Luckily we made another charge and sealed the deal." The Warriors shot better than 61 percent (16 of 26) in the second quarter to take as much as a 27-point lead before settling for a 78-56 halftime lead. "Between bad offense and bad defense they were able to increase that lead," Grizzlies coach Lionel Hollins said. Game notes  Grizzlies C  Marc Gasol  practiced with the team on Tuesday but was on the inactive list for the fifth straight game with a neck injury. ... The Warriors had their highest-scoring first half of the season, including a season-best 44 in the second quarter. ... The 78 points allowed were a Grizzlies opponent franchise record. ... Curry leads all rookies with seven games of 30 or more points. ... The Grizzlies are 8-2 in their last 10 road games. ... The Warriors have at least 10 3-pointers in 16 of their last 21 games. 