PHILADELPHIA -- For three quarters,  Kevin Durant  put on quite a show for about 50 friends and family members who made the short trip up I-95 from his hometown of Washington, D.C. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Thunder have won their last three games vs. Philadelphia.
 
 The 76ers have 25 home losses this season, their first season losing more than 22 home games since 1996-97 (30).
 
 The 76ers' four-game home winning streak vs. the Oklahoma City franchise ended.
 
 -- ESPN Stats  &  Information 
 
 
   There was no need to play for most of the fourth while his teammates were adding to a big lead. Durant had 26 points and 10 rebounds,  Jeff Green  added 16 points and the  Oklahoma City Thunder  cruised to a 111-93 victory over the  Philadelphia 76ers  on Tuesday. "It's big to see fans with the Oklahoma City jerseys on," Durant said. "I don't care if it's my jersey. I care about Oklahoma City jerseys. I know a lot of the jerseys were for me because I had a lot of family here. It was extra special to get a win here." Nenad Krstic  added 14 points and  Russell Westbrook  had 10 points and 14 assists for the Thunder (45-28), who swept the season series from Philadelphia for the first time since 1998-99. "We start every game with the same approach, to have a serious competitive effort no matter who we're playing," Thunder coach Scott Brooks said. James Harden  had 12 points and  Serge Ibaka  10 for Oklahoma City, which is nearing its first playoff appearance since 2004-05 as the Seattle SuperSonics. Elton Brand  scored 22 points,  Andre Iguodala  added 21 and  Jrue Holiday  had 11 for the Sixers, who had their two-game winning streak snapped. "We were close for a while, and then the beginning of the fourth quarter, they kind of exploded on us," Brand said. Philadelphia still has not won at least three in a row since a five-game streak between Jan. 31 to Feb. 9. "I think we missed some easy shots," Holiday said. "They got in transition and got some momentum in the fourth and we didn't recover." Marreese Speights  and  Rodney Carney  added 10 points each. As usual, Durant provided the big plays for the Thunder. Durant, the league's second-leading scorer (29.6) behind only  LeBron James ' 29.8, sparked the Thunder with six points in the final 2:07 of the third quarter. After the Sixers got within 77-70, Durant drove by three Philadelphia defenders and threw down a one-handed dunk. Durant, who has 22 double-doubles this season, then added a tough runner in the lane and two free throws with 0.9 seconds remaining. Oklahoma City also received balanced scoring and extended its lead early in the fourth. The Thunder went on a 17-4 run to open the quarter with reserves scoring all the points.  Eric Maynor  had six and Harden five as the Thunder increased their lead to 101-78 with 5:55 left. "Our bench did a great job, especially in the fourth quarter," Brooks said. "Eric Maynor set the tone with a big 3-point shot." Oklahoma City shot 41 percent from the field but committed only four turnovers in the first half. As a result, the Thunder held a 56-45 advantage at halftime. Game notes  The Sixers played without guard  Lou Williams  (sore lower back) and forward  Thaddeus Young  (right thumb fracture). ... Philadelphia University men's basketball coach Herb Magee was honored at halftime. Magee recently earned his 903rd career victory, passing Bobby Knight for the most wins in NCAA history. ... There was about a 10-minute delay before the start of the fourth quarter because of a loose wire on the shot clock above one of the baskets. 