CHICAGO --  Dirk Nowitzki  insists he has never played on such a talented team, not even when the  Dallas Mavericks  reached the NBA finals four years ago. One problem. "The league's also better," Nowitzki said. So he's not making any championship guarantees no matter how good the Mavericks are looking at the moment. 
 
 
 
 Friedell: A Big Problem 
 
No matter how hard the Bulls play over the next few weeks, they've got a problem they aren't going to be able to shake until Joakim Noah returns, writes Nick Friedell.  Blog 

 
 
 


 Nowitzki scored 27 points,  Rodrigue Beaubois  and  Caron Butler  added 24 apiece and Dallas beat the  Chicago Bulls  122-116 on Saturday night to extend its season-high win streak to 11 games. Nowitzki scored 13 in the fourth quarter and the Mavericks hung on after watching a 14-point lead shrink to four, sending Chicago to its fourth straight loss. Derrick Rose  scored 34 points, but the Bulls simply couldn't get the stops they needed. Dallas shot 56.3 percent and got 18 points from  Shawn Marion  to go with the big performances by Nowitzki, Butler and Beaubois, a late addition to the lineup after center  Brendan Haywood  was scratched with tightness in his lower back. Beaubois, a rookie, has now set or tied career highs in three straight games after scoring 22 the previous night against Sacramento and 17 against Minnesota on Wednesday. He scored 18 in the third quarter as the Mavericks extended their lead to 94-80, and the Mavericks improved their longest streak since a 17-game run three years ago. "He's a talent," said  Jason Kidd , who had 15 assists and 11 rebounds. "He's going to be a special player in this league. He's a great student." And he has a great teacher running the point in Kidd. "It's incredible," Beaubois said. "You know J-Kidd knows the game. He knows everything. He really has tried to help me, give me advice. I really appreciate it." The wins aren't coming easily for the Mavericks during this run, with only two double-digit victories -- by 10 over Phoenix and Orlando. And they couldn't pull away from Chicago. The Bulls made a push in the fourth quarter, starting it on a 14-4 run that included a jumper and two 3-pointers by  Jannero Pargo , the second making it 98-94 with 7:59 remaining. Nowitzki then hit a fadeaway jumper, Butler nailed a 3 and the Mavericks hung on. It was another difficult night for Chicago, which was playing the third of nine straight games against playoff contenders. "The team needs to find a way to win games," Rose said. "It is frustrating." The Bulls are missing  Joakim Noah , their leading rebounder and defensive presence down low, but the Mavericks continued to win despite their aches and pains. Besides Haywood, they were also missing  Jason Terry  (facial surgery) and  Erick Dampier  (dislocated right middle finger). Even so, they appeared to be in good shape before the Bulls made their move. The Mavericks led 66-55 after scoring six unanswered points in the final 44 seconds of the first half, with Rose committing two turnovers and  Brad Miller  getting blocked underneath. Butler started the spurt with an 18 footer, and Beaubois converted a short jumper after rejecting Miller. Kidd then fed Nowitzki for a layup that made it an 11-point game with 5.8 seconds remaining after picking off a pass by Rose, who immediately coughed the ball up again. This time, Marion got the steal but missed a 16-footer at the buzzer. "We just couldn't stop them at the other end," Chicago's  Kirk Hinrich  said. "Dallas is 43-21 for a reason. They play well together." And they might be better than ever. Like Nowitzki, Kidd can't remember playing on a team so talented. "We're loaded," he said, "with guys who know how to put the ball in the basket. We all enjoy sharing the ball." Game notes  Bulls coach  Vinny Del Negro  said the swelling in the left knee that has bothered  Luol Deng  lately has gone down a bit, and that Kirk Hinrich (sprained right ankle) is feeling better. ... New Bears  Julius Peppers ,  Chester Taylor  and  Brandon Manumaleuna  received a standing ovation when they were introduced during a timeout midway through the first quarter. ... Chicago shot 52.2 percent. 