NEW YORK --  Nate Robinson  might always be best known as a dunker, especially if he becomes the first three-time champion of the slam dunk contest. He's much more than just a high flyer, though. "I'm an all-around player," Robinson said. Robinson scored 27 points Monday to lead the  New York Knicks  to a 99-91 victory and a split of a home-and-home series with the  Detroit Pistons . 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 Nate Robinson made a season-high five 3-pointers en route to leading all scorers with 27 points in the Knicks' victory. 
 
 The Knicks are now 18-5 all time at MSG on Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
 
 Overall, New York has won nine of its last 12 home games after dropping eight of its first nine. 
 
 The Pistons' brief three-game win streak is over as they've lost nine of their last 10 road games.  
 
 -- ESPN Stats  &  Information 
 
 
 Chosen earlier in the day to defend his slam dunk title at All-Star weekend, Robinson made five 3-pointers, one during a 7-0 spurt that started the fourth quarter and gave the Knicks the lead for good. "My teammates and my coach told me that I had to be aggressive, that's just who I am," Robinson said. "They said in the last couple of games I hadn't been that aggressive." Fellow reserve  Al Harrington  and  Wilson Chandler  each added 17 points as the Knicks bounced back from consecutive losses, including Saturday's 94-90 defeat in Detroit, and improved to 18-6 on Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Rodney Stuckey  scored 22 for the short-handed Pistons, who had their three-game winning streak snapped. They led after three quarters with a gutty effort but simply didn't have enough firepower with four of their top six scorers out. Already missing  Ben Gordon  (strained right groin),  Tayshaun Prince  (sore left knee) and  Will Bynum  (sprained left ankle), the Pistons were even further weakened when  Richard Hamilton  came down with an upset stomach. Detroit hung around into the fourth quarter, but Stuckey appeared to run out of gas, scoring his only two points of the period in the final minute. "Listen, I am very proud of my guys. But I thought as hard as we fought, we come back and take the lead, you've got to show poise in that situation," Detroit coach John Kuester said. "I thought we did a great job in the third quarter. We had to go to our bench. We needed our bench to come through in that situation and it didn't happen." Ben Wallace  scored a season-high 16 points and grabbed 14 rebounds, and  Austin Daye  and  Charlie Villanueva  also had 16 points for the Pistons. Robinson did most of his damage in his 13-point second quarter from the perimeter, though he thrilled the crowd late in the period with a dunk off an alley-oop pass from  Chris Duhon  for a 12-point lead. The Knicks led 57-43 at the half. Robinson was benched for 14 games last month before coach Mike D'Antoni returned him to the rotation, needing the guard's energy off the bench especially now with Duhon struggling. "He gives us something that we need and that's athleticism," D'Antoni said. "Again, you have to have everything else, the defense and sound play, but he does give us something that we need. I thought he played well." Detroit turned it around by holding the Knicks to 11 points in the third, their worst quarter of the season, and led 70-68 going to the final period. The Pistons were down only one with 10 minutes left before Harrington,  Danilo Gallinari  and Robinson made 3-pointers in a 13-4 spurt that gave the Knicks an 88-78 lead, and they held on from there. "It's tough. Rip, B.G., Tay,  Chris Wilcox  couldn't go. We were short-handed but we put on a fight," Villanueva said. "There's a game of spurts you know. They made their run. We made our run. Just didn't get the stops where it really mattered the most, down in the fourth quarter, down the stretch." Gallinari finished with 16 points and  David Lee  had 11 points and 15 rebounds for New York. The Knicks missed their first six shots in falling behind 7-0, made five of their next six to grab the lead, and it was tied at 23 after one. The Knicks improved to 17-24 at the halfway point of their schedule, the same record they had last season before finishing 32-50. Game notes   Eddy Curry  is expected to miss about six weeks after knee surgery, the latest setback for the injury-plagued Knicks center. The team said he would have an arthroscopic procedure on Monday to remove loose cartilage in his left knee and begin rehabilitation within a week. Curry has played only seven games this season. ... Robinson will compete against  Gerald Wallace ,  Shannon Brown , and either  DeMar DeRozan  or  Eric Gordon  on Feb. 13 in Dallas. ... Stuckey came in averaging 21.9 points when Hamilton and Gordon are out. 