PHILADELPHIA --  A tough practice paid big dividends for the  Miami Heat . Dwyane Wade  scored 24 points and the Heat cruised to a 105-78 victory over the  Philadelphia 76ers  on Tuesday night, continuing a run of easy wins for the streaking team. Jermaine O'Neal  added 20 points for Miami, which won its third straight, and  Udonis Haslem  had 13 while  Michael Beasley  added 12. "These are the wins everybody loves. Everybody's happy," Wade said. "It was a good game for us. It started yesterday in practice where we really focused on what we needed to do." Philadelphia welcomed back  Allen Iverson , who returned after missing five games to help care for his ill daughter, Messiah. Iverson came off the bench and shot 1 for 7 from the field for four points. Thaddeus Young  led the 76ers with 16 points, and  Andre Iguodala  added 11. "A classic, classic butt-kicking," coach Eddie Jordan said. "No doubt about it. Mostly, I wanted our guys to keep competing and keep encouraging each other during the times we were down. It was hard to do that." After a 16-2 run in the second quarter helped build an 11-point halftime lead, the Heat took control with a 17-0 third-quarter run that turned the game into a 69-41 rout. Miami made seven straight field goals, including a 3-pointer and two free throws, during that span. "I think there's a direct correlation to yesterday's mindset to come back after the break," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. "We didn't have to clear any cobwebs. We practiced hard and the guys had the right attitude." Meanwhile, the Sixers were "rusty," according to guard  Lou Williams . During the Heat's 17-0 run, Philadelphia missed nine straight baskets, and went 6:39 between field goals, both by  Elton Brand . Philadelphia had won five of six heading into the All-Star break, but suffered its worst defeat since losing 105-74 to Boston on Nov. 3. The 78 points was Philadelphia's third-lowest total of the season, and the 76ers shot just 37.9 percent from the floor. "We just laid an egg," Brand said, "so it was discouraging all the way around. It was embarrassing." The 76ers shot 33 of 87, including 1 for 12 from 3-point range, and only led once, at 2-0. "They killed us in every facet of the game," Iverson said. "They played so much better than us. We can't play defense the way we played tonight and expect to win basketball games." Miami continued a stretch of convincing wins, in which they have beaten the  Houston Rockets ,  Atlanta Hawks  and 76ers by 33, 18 and 27, respectively, providing momentum for three more road games through New Jersey, Memphis and Dallas. "We're playing well, and this was a win that you need on the road, especially with having four road games," Wade said. "We're going to need everyone to step up and pull their own weight." Game notes  Sixers Forward  Jason Smith  was inactive for Tuesday's game with a strained right ankle. ... Philadelphia 76ers guard  Willie Green  left Tuesday's game against the Miami Heat with a sprained left shoulder. Green started and scored four points in the first six minutes. ...  Samuel Dalembert  recorded at least 10 rebounds in 14 of his past 15 games. 