OAKLAND, Calif. --  Dwyane Wade  knew a sprained wrist wouldn't be enough to keep him out of a game. The fact that he delivered his best shooting performance of the season with it might have been a bit of a surprise. Wade shook off the injured wrist to score 35 points and the  Miami Heat  rolled past the  Golden State Warriors , 115-102 on Wednesday night. "I felt like it made me focus a little more," Wade said. "I shot the ball pretty well. I tried to focus a lot more on my shot because when you have a wrist you can't bend all the way, your shot can come up short a lot. I made sure I did my job and put it over the rim and followed through with it." Wade shot 10 for 15 from the field -- his highest percentage this season. He also made all 15 free throws, the most he's ever made in a game without a miss. He added nine assists and seven rebounds to help the Heat bounce back from a loss Monday in Utah. "Dwyane has done this many times before," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. "If he can go and he feels like he's not going to hurt the team he'll play. He'll play hurt as long as it won't jeopardize him getting injured or the team. He felt good and had enough flexibility before the game that he gave it a shot." Jermaine O'Neal  added a season-high 24 points, including two big baskets late for the Heat, who had lost three of four games.  Michael Beasley  scored 14 of his 19 points in the first half to help Miami break out to the early lead. Corey Maggette  scored 25 points to lead the Warriors,  Anthony Morrow  added 24 and  Monta Ellis  had 17. Golden State has lost five of seven and fell to 1-2 on a season-long seven-game homestand. Wade's status for the game was in doubt until about an hour before tip off because of a sprained right wrist he aggravated Monday in Utah. He left that game briefly because of the injury and ended up with a season-low 13 points in 29 minutes. Wade went through a lengthy pregame workout, shooting from long range, pull-ups and foul shots before pronouncing himself fit to go. Wade fell on the wrist a couple of times. He grimaced and held it but remained in the game. The wrist didn't appear to have much impact on his performance. "That was an incredible performance with a bad wrist," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "He played hurt, 35 minutes, controlled the game, nine assists. That guy was incredible. You can compare him with anybody in the league if you want to. I wouldn't argue with you." After a slow start, Wade took the game over offensively in the second quarter. He checked back into the game with 7:34 left in the quarter and scored 17 of Miami's last 22 points of the half. He made five of six shots, mostly on jumpers from the outside, and all seven free throws to give Miami a 52-44 lead at the break. Miami just built on the lead from there, getting a pair of 3-pointers in the third quarter from  Quentin Richardson  to expand the lead to 73-59 midway through the quarter. Wade's fadeaway banker expanded the lead to 18 with less than 3 minutes to go. Golden State never got the lead back under 10 until Maggette's layup with just under 3 minutes left cut the lead to 108-100. O'Neal hit a jumper and converted a three-point play to get the lead back to 13 and the Heat held on from there. "When I get an opportunity to make a big shot at the end of the games, that's what I do, that's what I strive for," O'Neal said. "I like those opportunities to make the big shots to quiet a crowd or win a ballgame." The Warriors struggled to get much of anything going offensively for most of the night. Golden State missed its first five shots of the game, a sign of how this night would go as they finished shooting 42.9 percent. While Maggette and Ellis combined for 42 points, the other three starters --  Vladimir Radmanovic ,  Stephen Curry  and  Andris Biedrins  -- finished with 15 points on 6-for-20 shooting. "I don't know what the reason behind our sluggish start was," Curry said. "I thought we finished the game against the Cavs very well so I thought we had some good momentum but they came out, got on us early and took us out of it." Game notes  Warriors F  Ronny Turiaf , who turned 27 Wednesday, missed the game after spraining his right ankle Monday against Cleveland. He is day to day. ... Warriors F Vladimir Radmanovic did not play the second half because of a strained right Achilles' tendon. ... Golden State G  C.J. Watson  had five stitches on a cut on his right hand and did not play in the second half. ... Miami is 2-2 on its six-game trip. 