DALLAS --  Kobe Bryant  dealt with an aggravated back injury like any multimillionaire, superstar athlete would -- he called his longtime massage therapist in Santa Monica, got him on a red-eye flight to Texas, then spent more than three hours Wednesday morning going through a deep-tissue treatment. And after all that, Bryant played only 11 minutes in the first half and took one measly shot, a 3-point attempt that never had a chance of going in. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Lakers become the first NBA franchise to reach 3,000 wins led by 22 points and 11 rebounds from Andrew Bynum. 
 
 Each member of the Lakers starting frontcourt had a double-double as Lamar Odom added 18 points and 14 rebounds and Ron Artest added 16 points and 11 rebounds. 
 
 Kobe Bryant scored a season-low 10 points for the Lakers.
 
 -- ESPN Stats  &  Information 
 
 
 Yet Bryant somehow went from stiff to loose after halftime, playing the entire second half to avoid from tightening up again on the bench, and added to his lengthy list of dramatic finishes by making the go-ahead basket with 28 seconds left, sending the  Los Angeles Lakers  to a 100-95 victory over the  Dallas Mavericks  on Wednesday night in a matchup of the top two teams in the Western Conference. "In the second half I said, 'Are you OK?' and he said, 'Yeah, I'm good now,'" teammate  Ron Artest  said. "But Dallas didn't know that, so they played him one-on-one and he hit that big shot." This proved to be a historic night for both clubs: The Lakers became the first NBA team to win 3,000 games and Dallas'  Dirk Nowitzki  became the 34th player in league history to score 20,000 points. 
 
 
 
 Rare Feat 
 
 Dirk Nowitzki led the Mavericks with 30 points and a season-high 16 rebounds. He scored his 20,000th career point during the game, becoming the fourth player born outside of the 50 states to 20,000 career points in the NBA. 
 
 
 
 
 Most Career Points By Player Born Outside 50 U.S. States 
 
   
 Birthplace 
   
 
 
 Hakeem Olajuwon 
 Nigeria 
 26,946 
 
 
 Dominique Wilkins 
 France 
 26,668 
 
 
 Patrick Ewing 
 Jamaica 
 24,815 
 
 
 Dirk Nowitzki 
 Germany 
 20,001 
 
 
 
 
 Nowitzki scored 15 of his 30 points, including the milestone 14-foot jumper from the left baseline, during the fourth quarter. He closed an 8-0 run with a 3-pointer that tied the game at 95 with 42.5 seconds left. All that did was set up Bryant. He dribbled to the right side of the foul line, leaned left toward the lane, then spun back around to his right for a jumper over  Josh Howard  that swished through. It was Bryant's only basket in four attempts in the fourth quarter. He finished 5 of 11 for 10 points. "Going left was a little harder for me for whatever reason," Bryant said. "I knew I had to go right, where I don't have to square up as much." Bryant's back problem flared up Tuesday night in San Antonio and he didn't waste any time trying to get healed. "I got to get to work right away," he said. Coach Phil Jackson said before the game that Bryant would try to play, but he wasn't going to leave him on the court if he was a liability. Bryant wasn't hurting the Lakers, but he wasn't helping much, either. He rarely went inside the 3-point line on offense and pretty much stood around on defense, too. Thanks to a 7-0 surge at the end of the second quarter, including three free throws by Artest after Nowitzki fouled him near midcourt with 0.2 seconds left, Los Angeles went into the break leading 49-45. The Mavericks were lucky to be that close considering they shot 34 percent. But after losing to the Lakers by 35 points last week, and now facing them with Bryant hobbled and  Pau Gasol  (hamstring) out, they went into the locker room feeling pretty miserable. Dallas also was coming off a three-day layoff, while Los Angeles was playing for the second straight night. The Mavs were pretty demoralized after their second straight home loss; the other was an 18-point pounding by Utah. They're now 12-7 at home, compared to 13-6 on the road. "I don't know what's going on but we've got to figure it out," Nowitzki said. "The amazing thing is, we're still second in the West, right there with everybody else. It's not time to hang our heads." Erick Dampier  missed a pair of free throws that could've tied it on Dallas' next possession. After Los Angeles'  Andrew Bynum  made 1 of 2 foul shots, the Lakers double-teamed Nowitzki in the corner, forcing him to pass. Howard ended up taking a wild shot. Bynum had 22 points and 11 rebounds,  Lamar Odom  had 18 points and 14 rebounds, and Artest had 16 points and 11 rebounds as the Lakers ended a three-game road losing streak. "Ron and I talked this morning, how we've got to go, no letting the game come to us," Odom said. "We were more aggressive tonight, especially on defense. This was one we had to take. When we play good defense, we can beat good teams." Bynum scored all of his points in the first three quarters. After making his first eight shots against Dallas last week, he made his first seven this time; his first miss hung on the rim, then fell out. Howard scored 18 in his first start since Nov. 11; he'd been coming off the bench in his last 14 outings since returning from injuries.  Jason Kidd  added 11 points and 11 assists for the Mavericks. Game notes  This was the Lakers' 2,543rd victory since moving to Los Angeles. ... Nowitzki reached 20k in his 876th game. He's the first European player to reach the plateau and the second overall this season, joining Boston's  Ray Allen . ... Bryant needs 60 points for 25,000. ... Jackson said he's hoping to have Gasol back Friday. 