TORONTO -- The  Sacramento Kings  picked a bad time to blink. Chris Bosh  had 36 points and 11 rebounds,  Andrea Bargnani  scored 22 points and the  Toronto Raptors  rallied to beat the Kings 115-104 on Sunday afternoon, extending Sacramento's losing streak to six games. "We had a lead in the fourth quarter and couldn't hold it," Kings coach Paul Westphal said. "We missed a lot of free throws; we couldn't control Bosh. "We couldn't finish the deal and it's primarily because we couldn't get the stops we needed. It was about 42 or 44 minutes of really good basketball for us. The four to six minutes that wasn't gives us a loss." Hedo Turkoglu  and  Antoine Wright  each scored 16 points as Toronto topped 100 for the 16th consecutive game and won its seventh straight at home. Kevin Martin  scored 24 points and  Spencer Hawes  had 14 points and 11 rebounds for the Kings, who have won just three of their past 20 and are 3-22 on the road. "You start missing free throws and you start missing shots, everyone gets pressing, everyone kind of tenses up," Hawes said. "That tends to happen in the fourth quarter, regardless. When things start going wrong it kind of magnifies itself." It's the third time in four games the Kings have been burned in the fourth, and the late lapses are wearing on rookie  Tyreke Evans . "That's when our problem is," Evans said. "Coach always comes into the locker room and says, 'We're almost there.' That's not going to get us where we want to be. We've got to find a way to work hard and pull together down the stretch." Donte Greene  scored 13 points while Evans and  Andres Nocioni  each had 11 for Sacramento. Bosh made 14 of 18 field goal attempts and went 8 for 11 from the foul line as the Raptors won for the 13th time in 14 home games. "I said coming into this season that I want to be the best forward in the league and I was going to have to be consistent, try to play every game," Bosh said. "So far it's been pretty good." Bosh has had double-doubles in nine of his past 11, leading former college teammate  Jarrett Jack  to call this the best stretch of Bosh's career. "I've never seen him play like this," Jack said. "He's almost dominant. The other team is really at his mercy. He just puts it to them, night in and night out. It's an unbelievable thing that not too many can do in this league and he's able to." Sacramento's  Sean May  made two jumpers to open the fourth, giving the Kings a 91-84 lead, but Toronto scored the next eight points, including a three-point play by Bosh and a breakaway dunk by  Sonny Weems , to lead 92-91 with 10:04 remaining. It stayed close until Bosh made a layup and a pair of free throws and Wright sandwiched a jumper and a corner 3 around a free throw by Greene, putting Toronto up 105-97 with 4:12 left. "We blinked," Westphal said. "We missed and they didn't. Then we're playing from behind and desperation sets in a little bit." Toronto welcomed Turkoglu and  DeMar DeRozan  back to the starting lineup after injuries. Turkoglu wore a mask to protect the fractured orbital bone that kept him out of the past two games, while DeRozan had missed five games with a sprained right ankle.  Jose Calderon , who missed one game with a right ankle sprain, also returned, but  Marco Belinelli  was scratched with a sore left ankle. Turkoglu had been reluctant to wear the mask but changed his mind Saturday. He was hot early, scoring nine points in the first as Toronto made nine of its first 11 field goal attempts. Turkoglu said the straps on the mask bothered him most, forcing him to constantly adjust the fit. "When I run I have to keep fixing it because sometimes when I'm driving it moves and covers my eyes," Turkoglu said. "I think when I get used to it I'll feel more comfortable." Game notes  The Raptors have won six straight over the Kings in Toronto. ... Jack received a technical foul for arguing at the end of the third. ... Earlier in the third, Bosh tipped a missed shot by Evans into his own basket. 