PHILADELPHIA -- The  Charlotte Bobcats  are on pace to take the next step. Refusing to let down the night after a big win over Miami, they won again and the destination could be the first playoff berth in the sixth season of the franchise. Gerald Wallace  scored 28 points on 9-for-10 shooting from the field,  Stephen Jackson  added 24 points and 10 rebounds, and the Bobcats won their fourth straight game with a 102-87 victory over the reeling  Philadelphia 76ers  on Wednesday night. "It would be a first time in history, so it would be great for the franchise, the city and all of us," Wallace said. Boris Diaw  contributed 13 points for the Bobcats (32-31), who entered the game in seventh place in the Eastern Conference playoff race. The Bobcats improved to just 9-23 on the road. Tyson Chandler  scored 12, while  D.J. Augustin  and  Tyrus Thomas  had 10 apiece for Charlotte, which was 31 for 41 from the free throw line. "We had an emotional win last night," Bobcats coach Larry Brown said. "I thought this would be tougher. We've struggled on the road, so this was a big win for us." Rodney Carney  led the Sixers with 14 points.  Andre Iguodala  and  Jrue Holiday  each added 13 for Philadelphia, which fell to 23-41 and 10-20 at the Wachovia Center. Fans began leaving the arena and booing before the third quarter even ended as the Sixers fell behind by as many as 29. Philadelphia trailed 85-58 after the third. "We'll keep fighting for them," Brand said of the fan base. "We'll keep playing hard. I've been in this league a long time and I believe in our talent." The Sixers managed an 8-0 run to open the fourth to cut it to 85-66. But they never got within double figures as they managed 21 turnovers, tying a season high set Tuesday night in a 107-96 loss at Indiana. "We have to pay better attention to detail," Iguodala said. The Bobcats used a 13-0 run in the third quarter to extend a 12-point lead to 77-52 with 4:11 remaining. Wallace scored seven points during the spurt. Before the game, Sixers coach Eddie Jordan was answering questions about his job security. The Sixers then fell behind 62-44 at halftime. As the players walked off the court, boos kept careening down from the half-empty arena. "I had no problem with our effort," Jordan said. "We played hard for 48 minutes. We're trying to make plays." Charlotte shot 59 percent from the field, including 5 for 8 from 3-point territory in the first half. Game notes  Brown, on an SI.com report linking him to the  Los Angeles Clippers . "I can't stop stuff from getting out," he said. "I love coaching. I love being around [owner] Michael [Jordan]. I don't know how that stuff gets started." The 37 first-quarter points allowed were a season high for the Sixers. ... Charlotte C  Nazr Mohammed  missed the game with back spasms. ... Sixers director of statistical information Harvey Pollack celebrated his 88th birthday. 