HOUSTON --  Kevin Martin  is getting comfortable in Houston, and finally got his first win as a member of the Rockets. Martin had his best game since being traded to Houston, scoring 33 points to lead the Rockets to a 109-104 win over the  San Antonio Spurs  on Friday night. In his fourth game in Houston, Martin showed he was the scorer the Rockets were looking for when they acquired him and three others last week in the deal that sent  Tracy McGrady  to the  New York Knicks . "It's getting there," Martin said. "Tonight was just another step forward ... Over time, you get better and more comfortable with the team. It's only four games and I just feel good to be here." Houston led by 13 before the Spurs scored 10 consecutive points, capped by a 3-pointer by  George Hill , to cut the lead to 105-102 with 8 seconds remaining. Aaron Brooks , who scored 31, hit four free throws sandwiched around a bucket by San Antonio to secure the win and end a three-game losing streak for Houston. The Rockets used a 31-point first quarter to build a big lead and were up by double digits for most of the second half before San Antonio's late run. "The way we came out and played for 2 1/2 quarters was terrific," Houston coach Rick Adelman said. "I'm disappointed with the way we finished the game. We just have to do a better job." Luis Scola  added a career-high 30 points for Houston to mark the first game in team history in which three Rockets players scored at least 30 points. Scola believed Martin's play was the key to Houston's win. "The guys who have been here before him could finally make him comfortable and can find a way that he likes playing where he feels more effective and we need him scoring," Scola said. "That's the truth. So, if he feels comfortable, everything else will be easier for us." The Spurs were playing without  Tony Parker , who missed the game with a stomach ailment. He started Wednesday against Oklahoma City, but has missed two games recently with injuries and was diagnosed with a mild strain of his left hip flexor Monday. Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said after the game that he didn't have an update on Parker's health. Hill led San Antonio with 26 points, and  Tim Duncan  added 17. Popovich used his bench extensively in the second half after the starters allowed Houston to jump out to the early lead. "Our second unit did a good job getting us back into the game," Duncan said. "The guys out on the court were the guys making the run. You don't penalize them and take them out when the score gets close." Martin and Scola were 14 of 14 from the free-throw line to tie a team record for most made in a game without a miss. The Spurs used a 7-0 run early in the fourth quarter to get within nine, but Houston scored five straight points -- four from Martin -- to push its lead to 90-76 with nine minutes remaining. The Rockets led by as many as 23 in the third quarter, but the Spurs cut the lead to 16 points twice. The second time they scored five straight points capped by a 3-pointer by  Roger Mason  to trail 85-69 at the end of the third quarter. Houston got a great first half from Martin, whose 17 points in the first two quarters were just two points shy of his previous game high of 19 in his first three games with the Rockets. San Antonio went on a 10-2 run to open the second quarter and cut Houston's lead to 33-24 just under nine minutes before halftime. Houston answered that run by outscoring the Spurs 13-5 over the next three minutes to stretch the lead to 46-29. Martin led the charge in that span, scoring seven points. The Spurs got within 53-40 on a layup by  Richard Jefferson  with about 2 1/4 minutes left in the first half. But Houston outscored San Antonio 6-1 to end the half with a 59-41 lead. Houston led by three before going on a 6-0 run, capped by a reverse layup by Brooks, to push the lead to 17-8 midway through the first quarter. The Rockets outscored San Antonio 14-6, with six points from Martin, in the rest of the quarter to make it 31-14 after one. "You've just got to come out with energy," Martin said. "Things were clicking for us early and we were being aggressive going to the basket and taking them out of their rhythm." Game notes  San Antonio's 14 first-quarter points tied a season low for the first quarter. ...  Manu Ginobili  had eight points and a season-high 10 rebounds for San Antonio. ... Brooks had one 3-pointer Friday and has made at least one 3 in a career-best 30 straight games. 