PHILADELPHIA --  David Lee  played with a heavy heart. He was still right there when the  New York Knicks  needed him at the end. Lee scored 24 points and hit the game-winning layup with 13.3 seconds remaining, one day after the death of his grandfather, and the New York Knicks salvaged the finale of a three-game trip with a 93-92 victory over the  Philadelphia 76ers  on Wednesday night. Lee started for New York despite the death of his grandfather, E. Desmond Lee, who was 92 when he passed away on Tuesday night. Lee considered skipping this game but changed his mind. "I made the decision to stay here rather than going to St. Louis because I wanted to fill that role as team captain and leader of this team," said Lee, who added nine rebounds. "It was a quality win for us. I didn't have the best energy, but it was enough." Wilson Chandler  added 18 points,  Al Harrington  scored 17,  Jared Jeffries  had 15 and  Danilo Gallinari  12 for the Knicks (16-22), who snapped a two-game losing streak. The Knicks also ended a nine-game skid in Philadelphia, dating to Dec. 17, 2004. "We finally got one here," Jeffries said. "We made some big plays when we needed them down the stretch." Allen Iverson  scored 16 points,  Rodney Carney  added 13 and  Samuel Dalembert  had 12 and a season-high 21 rebounds for the Sixers (12-26), who had won two straight and their previous six meetings with New York. Dalembert played with an even heavier heart in the aftermath of Tuesday's earthquake which devastated his home country of Haiti and left thousands dead. Dalembert, who was born in Port-au-Prince in 1980 and lived there until he was 14 before moving to Montreal, was still trying to gather information on family members still living in Haiti before Wednesday's game. While his father and one sister had contacted him, a number of other relatives and friends were still unaccounted for as he prepared to play. "It was a relief and I can say that," Dalembert said. "When the game started, I was able to keep my mind on the game. It kind of helped me out for two hours." Before Fridays game against Sacramento, Dalembert will continue to monitor the situation and assist in fundraising efforts. "We should be announcing something in the next couple of days," Dalembert said. Thaddeus Young  also chipped in with 11 points for the Sixers, and  Marreese Speights  had 10 in the final 8:40, his only playing time all night. A driving layup by Speights gave the Sixers a 90-86 lead with 1:30 remaining. But Chandler responded with a three-point play, and Lee hit a baseline jumper from 12 feet to push the Knicks ahead 91-90 with 43.4 seconds left. After Speights knocked in a difficult layup off the glass, Lee provided the game-winner with a layup on an assist from  Chris Duhon . "We got a really shot on that possession," said Duhon, who had seven assists. "It was a great road win for us. We had lost a couple in a row and it feels really good to get this one, especially the way we got it." Carney missed a 3-pointer as time expired. "He got a good look," Sixers coach Eddie Jordan said of the last shot. The Knicks hit nine of their first 10 shots but eventually cooled off, trailing 48-47 at halftime. Dalembert had 10 points and 11 rebounds in the first half alone for the 76ers. Game notes  The Sixers held a moment of silence before the game out of respect for Dalembert. ... The Knicks committed only three turnovers in the first half. ... The Sixers outrebounded New York 54-37. 