PHOENIX --  Stephen Jackson  helped the  Charlotte Bobcats  reach a small franchise milestone. He scored 30 points and Charlotte scored nine of the first 12 points in overtime to beat the Suns 114-109 Tuesday night for the Bobcats' first victory in Phoenix in their six seasons in the NBA. 
 
 
 
 Fast Facts 
 
 
 
 The Bobcats picked up their first win at Phoenix (1-5) led by 30 points from Stephen Jackson -- his fourth 30-point game of the season.  
 
 The Suns lost for the seventh time in their last nine games and are now 12-18 since starting the season 14-3.  
 
 Steve Nash led the Suns with 23 points and nine assists, but shot just 7 for 22 from the field.  
 
 -- ESPN Stats  &  Information 
 
 

          
 "All teams in the league play better at home. We were playing catch-up all game, but on the road you have to find a way to hang around and pull it out at the end," Jackson said. Jackson, who tied the game at 98 on a 3-pointer with 19.9 seconds remaining, hit a 20-foot jump shot on the Bobcats' first possession of overtime to give Charlotte only its second lead of the game. Raymond Felton  had six of his 17 points in overtime as Charlotte stretched its lead to six. The Bobcats broke a three-game losing streak. Steve Nash  had 23 points and nine assists for the Suns, who have lost seven of their last nine. Former Suns player  Boris Diaw  had 24 points and  Gerald Wallace  had 21. The Suns made 15 of 34 3-pointers and are 32 of 64 in their last two games, setting a season record for threes made in two consecutive games. They average just over nine per game, second in the NBA to Orlando. "I thought our defense gave us a chance to win," Charlotte coach Larry Brown said. "We kept saying if we can stay in the game, stay close, those shots [the Suns made] become tougher. We really hung on." Nash made 5 of 9 3-point attempts while  Channing Frye  was 4 of 7 and  Jared Dudley  was 4 of 8. Diaw added 11 rebounds for a double-double, and he also had five assists. The Bobcats outrebounded the Suns 48-41. Dudley gave the Suns an 87-82 lead with 8:06 remaining before a driving layup by Wallace put Charlotte up 88-87 with 6:09 left for its first lead of the game. Nash and Frye made 3-pointers to put the Suns back in front, but  Flip Murray  tied the game on a 3-pointer with 3:35 left. Nash made another 3-pointer as the shot clock expired to put the Suns back in front at 96-93 with 2:17 left, then added a 5-foot left-handed floater with 1:05 left after two free throws by  Derrick Brown  kept the Suns ahead, 98-95. Jackson tied the game two possessions later. "That was a tough loss. They got into us defensively, and we really didn't execute anything that we were trying to do," Suns coach Alvin Gentry said. "We can't do that. We have to be able to step up and execute and be able to complete plays. It's everybody's fault. It's the players. It's the coaches. No one can escape criticism for this. We have to be better than we are." Game notes  The Suns were assessed a technical foul with 3:53 remaining in the third quarter for having only four men on the court, when they came out of a timeout at 4:01 one man short. Stephen Jackson missed the free throw. ... With  Leandro Barbosa  (right wrist) and Hill out because of injury, the Suns suited up only 10 players and only three guards -- Nash, Dragic and  Jason Richardson , who made his third straight start since replacing Barbosa in the lineup Saturday. ... Charlotte committed four turnovers in the first half, one in the first 23 minutes and three in the final minute. Each of the last three was caused by Dudley, who tipped a pass to a teammate, stole another and drew an offensive foul 