PHOENIX --  Goran Dragic  and the rest of the Phoenix reserves prevented an ugly home loss for the Suns. Dragic scored 18 of his career-high 20 points in the fourth quarter and the Suns finally pulled away from the depleted  Golden State Warriors , winning 112-103 on Saturday night. "He made some big shots. He had that look in his eye," Suns star  Steve Nash  said. "He was really aggressive. It was fun to see him step up and make some big shots and key plays." Dragic, a second-year guard from Slovenia, was 4 of 6 from the field, including 3 of 5 on 3-pointers, and made 7 of 8 free throws in the quarter. He also had two steals and a crucial blocked shot in the period. "I was just looking for my game," Dragic said. "The first quarter, second quarter, I didn't find my game, but in the third and fourth I was more aggressive on defense and offense and I hit my shots." Nash scored 23 points for the Suns in their 10th consecutive victory over Golden State in Phoenix. The Suns had lost five of their previous six, with the lone win over New Jersey. "It would have been a devastating loss," Nash said. "It wasn't pretty but we had just enough toughness and depth to pull through when we weren't really playing our best." Anthony Tolliver  had career bests of 19 points and 11 rebounds for the Warriors, playing without  Monta Ellis  (26.1 points per game). Ellis sprained his right ankle Friday night in Golden State's home victory over New Jersey. Corey Maggette  led the Warriors with 27 points, and rookie  Stephen Curry  added 25 on the heels of his career-best 32 against the Nets. "I have no complaints about what we did," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "Give them the credit. Their bench came in and played well. They were a huge factor." Robin Lopez  scored 16 points for Phoenix, while  Grant Hill  and  Amare Stoudemire  added 15 apiece. The Suns took the lead for good with a lineup of Dragic,  Earl Clark ,  Channing Frye ,  Jared Dudley  and  Louis Amundson , who had eight fourth-quarter rebounds. "The second unit did a phenomenal job," Stoudemire said. "The second unit definitely came out with the energy we needed to give us that lift, to give us that spark. That pretty much carried us." With  Anthony Morrow  (sprained right knee) and  Vladimir Radmanovic  (sore right Achilles' tendon) also out, the Warriors had nine players in uniform. Still, they led virtually the entire first half, by as many as 10. Only a late spurt cut it to 60-55 at the break, thanks to Nash's 3-pointer at the buzzer. Nash's 3-pointer capped an 11-0 run that put Phoenix up 66-62 with 7:26 left in the third quarter. Curry responded with a 21-footer and neither team led by more than three the rest of the period, with the Warriors up 80-79 entering the fourth. Consecutive 3s by Channing Frye and Dragic followed by two free throws from rookie Earl Clark put Phoenix up for good 91-85 with 8:04 to play. Golden State twice cut it to one, the last time at 96-95 on  C.J. Watson 's 19-footer with 4:18 left. Amundson made two free throws, Dragic blocked Watson's breakaway layup and Frye sank a 5-footer to put Phoenix ahead 101-95. Warriors coach Don Nelson drew a technical foul complaining about the no-call on Dragic and Nash made the free throw, giving the Suns a 101-95 lead with 3:12 to play. Suns coach Alvin Gentry called Dragic's block "an unbelievable defensive play." Nelson simply called it a foul. Game notes  Suns guard  Leandro Barbosa  is to undergo surgery to remove a cyst in his right wrist. Barbosa, who had started the previous three games, is expected to be sidelined about a month. ... The Warriors last won in Phoenix on March 18, 2005. ... Tolliver matched his career high of 12 points by halftime. ... Nash sat for nearly 11 minutes in the second half, leaving with 2:50 left in the third and returning with 3:59 left in the game. 