PHILADELPHIA -- Ninety minutes before the tip-off,  Derrick Rose  was flexing his wrist in the locker room. He then flexed his All-Star form in a game the  Chicago Bulls  desperately needed to win. Rose scored 23 points in his return from a sprained left wrist, and Chicago snapped its losing streak at 10 games with a 98-84 victory over the  Philadelphia 76ers  on Saturday night. "I've been working out and doing a lot of running, but it was just great to be back with the team," Rose said. Kirk Hinrich  added 17 points and 11 assists,  Brad Miller  had 16 points, and  Hakim Warrick  had 13 for the Bulls, 2 1/2 games behind Toronto for the eighth and final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. Rose sparked the Bulls with a 9-for-16 shooting performance, including 4 for 6 on 3-pointers. "I got a lot of open shots," Rose said. "It seemed like they were giving me the shots. I was open. I had to take them." Marreese Speights  had 17 points and 11 rebounds for Philadelphia. The 76ers have lost 12 of their last 14 games and are 11-23 at home. Samuel Dalembert  added 16 points for Philadelphia,  Andre Iguodala  had 11, and  Jrue Holiday  had 10 points and a career-high 10 rebounds. "We just didn't have it," Sixers coach Eddie Jordan said. Chicago built a 21-point lead and had a 77-62 advantage after the third quarter. Joakim Noah  and Miller scored consecutive baskets to open the fourth to quickly put the Bulls back ahead by 19. The Sixers, 1 of 17 from 3-point range, never got within single digits the rest of the way. "As a team, we have to do a better job," Dalembert said. "We have to recognize situations and play better." Rose missed the Bulls' previous four games, while Noah returned after missing 10 straight games because of a left foot injury. "Having Rose and Noah back really helped," Chicago coach  Vinny Del Negro  said. "It was a nice win, knowing what we've been through."' Game notes  Iguodala is 1 for 26 from 3-point range in his last eight games. ... Philadelphia forward  Thaddeus Young  (right thumb fracture) was inactive. ... The Bulls committed only two turnovers in the first half. ... Sixers guard  Lou Williams  didn't play in the second half because of back spasms. ... Chicago forward  Chris Richard  was whistled for a technical foul with 59.2 seconds left in the third quarter. 