TORONTO --  Chris Bosh  and the  Toronto Raptors  showed no signs of a letdown after Sunday's big win against the  Los Angeles Lakers . Bosh had 24 points and a season-high 18 rebounds,  Andrea Bargnani  scored 27 points and the Raptors beat the  Miami Heat  111-103 on Wednesday night. "We put [the Lakers game] behind us," Bosh said. "One thing about a big win, you don't want to beat a good team and then come back and have a poor performance. You always want to keep the momentum going and I think we're building some good resistance at home." Amir Johnson  and  Marco Belinelli  each scored 11 points for Toronto, with  Sonny Weems  adding 10 in his first career start. The Raptors, who beat the Lakers 106-105 on Sunday, won for the 10th time in 11 home games and moved past Miami into fifth place in the Eastern Conference. "It's about that time, it's almost February," Bosh said. "We're playing a lot better. We know what's at stake. We've climbed all the way up to where we are in the standings and we don't want to just let it go, because it's easier to lose than to win." Dwyane Wade  had 35 points and 10 assists and former Raptors center  Jermaine O'Neal  scored 22 for Miami, which lost  Michael Beasley  to a right knee injury. Beasley scored six of the Heat's first 13 points but hyperextended his right knee when he jumped for an alley-oop pass at 7:32 of the first. He lay under the basket clutching his knee and was tended to by trainers before limping to the locker room. "It's scary, especially when I first did it," Beasley said. "I got the ice on it, it's a little sore right now but I can run and jump so I should be ready for the next one [Friday at Detroit]." Beasley returned midway through the second, wearing a knee brace, but did not play in the second half. "Our rotation got thrown out of whack," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. "With him out of there, I think it probably would have been different. Michael was playing in a good flow early in the game." Toronto led 100-91 with 4:11 left but Wade made a layup and  Rafer Alston  followed with a 3-pointer, cutting it to 100-96 with 3:22 remaining. Calderon and Bosh scored for Toronto but a pair of free throws by  Udonis Haslem  and a three-point play by O'Neal made it 104-101 with 2:00 left. Hedo Turkoglu  made two free throws and Wade had a breakaway layup but Toronto put it away when  Jose Calderon  made one of two from the line, then found  Antoine Wright  in the corner for a 3-pointer with 15 seconds left, making it 110-103. "We could not seem to get enough stops in a row to give ourselves a real chance to win at the end," Spoelstra said. "They played well and they made shots down the stretch." Wade was held to four points in the final quarter as Toronto tightened up its defense. "We just thought it was time to hit him and make someone else have to make shots," Toronto coach Jay Triano said. "The way he had it going there for a while, it was one of those games where you don't want to give him the opportunity to take over. When he gave it up the others guys missed shots, so the strategy worked." Haslem had 16 points and 11 rebounds and Alston scored 10 points as Miami lost its second straight. Toronto rookie  DeMar DeRozan  (sprained right ankle) missed his first game of the season after starting the previous 45, and will not travel with the team to New York for Thursday night's game against the Knicks. Weems started in DeRozan's place. Wade scored 14 points in the first and Miami took advantage of seven Toronto turnovers to lead 34-23 after one. The Raptors took care of the ball and took the lead by outscoring the Heat 20-8 over the first six minutes of the second. O'Neal had 11 points in the quarter, including seven in the final 65 seconds, and Miami led 60-57 at the half. Wade scored 10 points in the third but Bargnani got 14 for Toronto as the Raptors opened a seven-point lead. Dorrell Wright's 3-pointer at the buzzer cut it to 85-81 heading into the fourth. Game notes  Bosh is the only Raptors player to start all 46 games this season. ... Toronto wore their blue and white Huskies throwback jerseys, the third of six games they'll wear them. ... Maple Leafs F Colton Orr attended the game. 