OAKLAND, Calif. --  Brandon Roy 's first career win at Oracle Arena couldn't have come at a better time for Portland as it tries to hang on to the eighth spot in the Western Conference. Roy scored 41 points,  Andre Miller  added 15 points and seven assists and the Trail Blazers overcame a 13-point deficit in the fourth quarter to beat the  Golden State Warriors  110-105 on Thursday night. "This was almost like a must-win for us," said Roy after helping Portland snap a nine-game road losing streak to the Warriors. "This is one of the toughest places for us to win. We knew how big this game was. We wanted this game but it was tough." With 15 games left in the regular season, Portland is four games ahead of Memphis in the race for the final playoff spot in the West and a loss to the Warriors, who own the third-worst record in the NBA, would have been costly for the Blazers. Instead, Portland rallied for its fifth win in six games to move a season-high 11 games above .500 while winning in Oakland for the first time since Nov. 3, 2004. "There's been a lot of those streaks the last few years that we've had to overcome," Blazers coach  Nate McMillan  said. "I'm happy that it's over. I'm happier about what we did. We pounded them on the boards, we got to the free throw line [and] we went inside." It wasn't easy. Portland trailed 96-83 entering the fourth quarter after struggling offensively most of the night and didn't show much signs of life before rallying. The Blazers did it despite Roy scoring just three of his points over the final 12 minutes. Aldridge had six points during a 10-2 run to start the comeback in the fourth.  Rudy Fernandez  later hit back-to-back 3-pointers to tie the game at 102 and Aldridge added a key three-point play to give Portland a 108-102 lead with 1:39 left. Stephen Curry  made a 3-pointer for Golden State but  Reggie Williams  missed what would have been a tying 3 with 49.9 seconds left. Miller then sealed the win for Portland with a pair of free throws. "It was our defense," Roy said. "That was the first time we've ever guarded them in the fourth quarter." Corey Maggette  scored 24 points and  Monta Ellis  added 17 before fouling out in his first game back following a six-game absence for Golden State, which lost its sixth straight. "We went cold at the wrong time," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "We ended having a team out there that hadn't been together very much and we didn't run our stuff very well against the zone. It was probably a combination of things." Until the fourth quarter the Blazers hadn't done much except for Roy. He had 24 points in the first half then added 14 more in the third quarter before topping the 40-point mark for the third time this season. Roy finished 14 of 22 from the floor and added eight rebounds with four assists. Ellis, who had not played since scoring 22 points in a 127-112 loss to Denver on Feb. 25, nearly led the Warriors to an upset after getting cleared to play earlier in the day after sitting out six games due to a strained lower back. He got off to a slow start against the Blazers and had only five points in the first half but scored 12 in the third quarter when Golden State built a 96-80 lead. The Warriors fell apart after that, however, and were outscored 27-9 in the fourth quarter. Game notes  Golden's State's nine points were the fewest by the Warriors in a fourth quarter since Feb. 8, 2004. ... Portland's 22 offensive rebounds were a season high. ... The Blazers have scored at least 100 points in their last 11 road games. 